descriptionSpecifications for callback functions passed in to an API"If your code lets other people supply callback functions, it’s important tospecify the function signature you expect, and check that functions support that.Adding extra parameters later would break other peoples code unless you’re careful.""backcall provides a way of specifying the callback signature using a prototypefunction:""If the callback takes fewer parameters than your prototype, "" will wrapit in a function that discards the extra arguments. If the callback expectsmore arguments, a TypeError is thrown when it is registered.""For more details, see the "" orthe ".The tests are run with ". In the root directory,execute:"descriptionSpecifications for callback functions passed in to an API"If your code lets other people supply callback functions, it’s important tospecify the function signature you expect, and check that functions support that.Adding extra parameters later would break other peoples code unless you’re careful.""backcall provides a way of specifying the callback signature using a prototypefunction:""If the callback takes fewer parameters than your prototype, "" will wrapit in a function that discards the extra arguments. If the callback expectsmore arguments, a TypeError is thrown when it is registered.""For more details, see the "" orthe ".The tests are run with ". In the root directory,execute:"descriptionSpecifications for callback functions passed in to an API"If your code lets other people supply callback functions, it’s important tospecify the function signature you expect, and check that functions support that.Adding extra parameters later would break other peoples code unless you’re careful.""backcall provides a way of specifying the callback signature using a prototypefunction:""If the callback takes fewer parameters than your prototype, "" will wrapit in a function that discards the extra arguments. If the callback expectsmore arguments, a TypeError is thrown when it is registered.""For more details, see the "" orthe ".The tests are run with ". In the root directory,execute:"descriptionSpecifications for callback functions passed in to an API"If your code lets other people supply callback functions, it’s important tospecify the function signature you expect, and check that functions support that.Adding extra parameters later would break other peoples code unless you’re careful.""backcall provides a way of specifying the callback signature using a prototypefunction:""If the callback takes fewer parameters than your prototype, "" will wrapit in a function that discards the extra arguments. If the callback expectsmore arguments, a TypeError is thrown when it is registered.""For more details, see the "" orthe ".The tests are run with ". In the root directory,execute:"