description""""""""""""""""""" is the uncompromising Python code formatter. By using it, you agree to cedecontrol over minutiae of hand-formatting. In return, "" gives you speed,determinism, and freedom from "" nagging about formatting. You will save timeand mental energy for more important matters.""Blackened code looks the same regardless of the project you're reading. Formattingbecomes transparent after a while and you can focus on the content instead." makes code review faster by producing the smallest diffs possible.Try it out now using the ". Watch the" to learn more. can be installed by running ". It requires Python 3.6.2+ torun. If you want to format Jupyter Notebooks, install with ".If you can't wait for the latest " and want to install from GitHub, use:"To get started right away with sensible defaults:You can run  as a package if running it as a script doesn't work:Further information can be found in our docs: is already " by manyprojects, small and big. "" has a comprehensive test suite, with efficient paralleltests, and our own auto formatting and parallel Continuous Integration runner. Now thatwe have become stable, you should not expect large formatting to changes in the future.Stylistic changes will mostly be responses to bug reports and support for new Pythonsyntax. For more information please refer to the"."Also, as a safety measure which slows down processing, "" will check that thereformatted code still produces a valid AST that is effectively equivalent to theoriginal (see the""section for details). If you're feeling confident, use ". is a PEP 8 compliant opinionated formatter. " reformats entire files inplace. Style configuration options are deliberately limited and rarely added. It doesn'ttake previous formatting into account (see " for exceptions).Our documentation covers the current " code style, but planned changes to it arealso documented. They're both worth taking a look:""Please refer to this document before submitting an issue. What seems like a bug might beintended behaviour."Early versions of " used to be absolutist in some respects. They took after itsinitial author. This was fine at the time as it made the implementation simpler andthere were not many users anyway. Not many edge cases were reported. As a mature tool," does make some exceptions to rules it otherwise holds."Please refer to this document before submitting an issue just like with the documentabove. What seems like a bug might be intended behaviour."" is able to read project-specific default values for its command line optionsfrom a "" file. This is especially useful for specifying custom" and //" patterns for yourproject."You can find more details in our documentation:And if you're looking for more general configuration documentation:": If you're asking yourself ""Do I need to configure anything?"" the answer is""No"". "" is all about sensible defaults. Applying those defaults will have yourcode in compliance with many other " formatted projects.The following notable open-source projects trust " with enforcing a consistentcode style: pytest, tox, Pyramid, Django Channels, Hypothesis, attrs, SQLAlchemy,Poetry, PyPA applications (Warehouse, Bandersnatch, Pipenv, virtualenv), pandas, Pillow,Twisted, LocalStack, every Datadog Agent Integration, Home Assistant, Zulip, Kedro,OpenOA, FLORIS, ORBIT, WOMBAT, and many more."The following organizations use ": Facebook, Dropbox, KeepTruckin, Mozilla, Quora,Duolingo, QuantumBlack, Tesla."Are we missing anyone? Let us know.", ":",":", "", core developer ofTwisted and CPython:"", " core developer:", creator of "" and":Use the badge in your project's README.md:Using the badge in README.rst:"Looks like this:"MIT"Welcome! Happy to see you willing to make the project better. You can get started byreading this:""You can also take a look at the rest of the contributing docs or talk with thedevelopers:"The log has become rather long. It moved to its own file.See ."The author list is quite long nowadays, so it lives in its own file."See Everyone participating in the " project, and in particular in the issue tracker,pull requests, and social media activity, is expected to treat other people with respectand more generally to follow the guidelines articulated in the"."At the same time, humor is encouraged. In fact, basic familiarity with Monty Python'sFlying Circus is expected. We are not savages."And if you " need to slap somebody, do it with a fish while dancing.""At long last, "" is no longer a beta product! This is the first non-beta releaseand the first release covered by our new stability policy."description""""""""""""""""""" is the uncompromising Python code formatter. By using it, you agree to cedecontrol over minutiae of hand-formatting. In return, "" gives you speed,determinism, and freedom from "" nagging about formatting. You will save timeand mental energy for more important matters.""Blackened code looks the same regardless of the project you're reading. Formattingbecomes transparent after a while and you can focus on the content instead." makes code review faster by producing the smallest diffs possible.Try it out now using the ". Watch the" to learn more. can be installed by running ". It requires Python 3.6.2+ torun. If you want to format Jupyter Notebooks, install with ".If you can't wait for the latest " and want to install from GitHub, use:"To get started right away with sensible defaults:You can run  as a package if running it as a script doesn't work:Further information can be found in our docs: is already " by manyprojects, small and big. "" has a comprehensive test suite, with efficient paralleltests, and our own auto formatting and parallel Continuous Integration runner. Now thatwe have become stable, you should not expect large formatting to changes in the future.Stylistic changes will mostly be responses to bug reports and support for new Pythonsyntax. For more information please refer to the"."Also, as a safety measure which slows down processing, "" will check that thereformatted code still produces a valid AST that is effectively equivalent to theoriginal (see the""section for details). If you're feeling confident, use ". is a PEP 8 compliant opinionated formatter. " reformats entire files inplace. Style configuration options are deliberately limited and rarely added. It doesn'ttake previous formatting into account (see " for exceptions).Our documentation covers the current " code style, but planned changes to it arealso documented. They're both worth taking a look:""Please refer to this document before submitting an issue. What seems like a bug might beintended behaviour."Early versions of " used to be absolutist in some respects. They took after itsinitial author. This was fine at the time as it made the implementation simpler andthere were not many users anyway. Not many edge cases were reported. As a mature tool," does make some exceptions to rules it otherwise holds."Please refer to this document before submitting an issue just like with the documentabove. What seems like a bug might be intended behaviour."" is able to read project-specific default values for its command line optionsfrom a "" file. This is especially useful for specifying custom" and //" patterns for yourproject."You can find more details in our documentation:And if you're looking for more general configuration documentation:": If you're asking yourself ""Do I need to configure anything?"" the answer is""No"". "" is all about sensible defaults. Applying those defaults will have yourcode in compliance with many other " formatted projects.The following notable open-source projects trust " with enforcing a consistentcode style: pytest, tox, Pyramid, Django Channels, Hypothesis, attrs, SQLAlchemy,Poetry, PyPA applications (Warehouse, Bandersnatch, Pipenv, virtualenv), pandas, Pillow,Twisted, LocalStack, every Datadog Agent Integration, Home Assistant, Zulip, Kedro,OpenOA, FLORIS, ORBIT, WOMBAT, and many more."The following organizations use ": Facebook, Dropbox, KeepTruckin, Mozilla, Quora,Duolingo, QuantumBlack, Tesla."Are we missing anyone? Let us know.", ":",":", "", core developer ofTwisted and CPython:"", " core developer:", creator of "" and":Use the badge in your project's README.md:Using the badge in README.rst:"Looks like this:"MIT"Welcome! Happy to see you willing to make the project better. You can get started byreading this:""You can also take a look at the rest of the contributing docs or talk with thedevelopers:"The log has become rather long. It moved to its own file.See ."The author list is quite long nowadays, so it lives in its own file."See Everyone participating in the " project, and in particular in the issue tracker,pull requests, and social media activity, is expected to treat other people with respectand more generally to follow the guidelines articulated in the"."At the same time, humor is encouraged. In fact, basic familiarity with Monty Python'sFlying Circus is expected. We are not savages."And if you " need to slap somebody, do it with a fish while dancing.""At long last, "" is no longer a beta product! This is the first non-beta releaseand the first release covered by our new stability policy."description""""""""""""""""""" is the uncompromising Python code formatter. By using it, you agree to cedecontrol over minutiae of hand-formatting. In return, "" gives you speed,determinism, and freedom from "" nagging about formatting. You will save timeand mental energy for more important matters.""Blackened code looks the same regardless of the project you're reading. Formattingbecomes transparent after a while and you can focus on the content instead." makes code review faster by producing the smallest diffs possible.Try it out now using the ". Watch the" to learn more. can be installed by running ". It requires Python 3.6.2+ torun. If you want to format Jupyter Notebooks, install with ".If you can't wait for the latest " and want to install from GitHub, use:"To get started right away with sensible defaults:You can run  as a package if running it as a script doesn't work:Further information can be found in our docs: is already " by manyprojects, small and big. "" has a comprehensive test suite, with efficient paralleltests, and our own auto formatting and parallel Continuous Integration runner. Now thatwe have become stable, you should not expect large formatting to changes in the future.Stylistic changes will mostly be responses to bug reports and support for new Pythonsyntax. For more information please refer to the"."Also, as a safety measure which slows down processing, "" will check that thereformatted code still produces a valid AST that is effectively equivalent to theoriginal (see the""section for details). If you're feeling confident, use ". is a PEP 8 compliant opinionated formatter. " reformats entire files inplace. Style configuration options are deliberately limited and rarely added. It doesn'ttake previous formatting into account (see " for exceptions).Our documentation covers the current " code style, but planned changes to it arealso documented. They're both worth taking a look:""Please refer to this document before submitting an issue. What seems like a bug might beintended behaviour."Early versions of " used to be absolutist in some respects. They took after itsinitial author. This was fine at the time as it made the implementation simpler andthere were not many users anyway. Not many edge cases were reported. As a mature tool," does make some exceptions to rules it otherwise holds."Please refer to this document before submitting an issue just like with the documentabove. What seems like a bug might be intended behaviour."" is able to read project-specific default values for its command line optionsfrom a "" file. This is especially useful for specifying custom" and //" patterns for yourproject."You can find more details in our documentation:And if you're looking for more general configuration documentation:": If you're asking yourself ""Do I need to configure anything?"" the answer is""No"". "" is all about sensible defaults. Applying those defaults will have yourcode in compliance with many other " formatted projects.The following notable open-source projects trust " with enforcing a consistentcode style: pytest, tox, Pyramid, Django Channels, Hypothesis, attrs, SQLAlchemy,Poetry, PyPA applications (Warehouse, Bandersnatch, Pipenv, virtualenv), pandas, Pillow,Twisted, LocalStack, every Datadog Agent Integration, Home Assistant, Zulip, Kedro,OpenOA, FLORIS, ORBIT, WOMBAT, and many more."The following organizations use ": Facebook, Dropbox, KeepTruckin, Mozilla, Quora,Duolingo, QuantumBlack, Tesla."Are we missing anyone? Let us know.", ":",":", "", core developer ofTwisted and CPython:"", " core developer:", creator of "" and":Use the badge in your project's README.md:Using the badge in README.rst:"Looks like this:"MIT"Welcome! Happy to see you willing to make the project better. You can get started byreading this:""You can also take a look at the rest of the contributing docs or talk with thedevelopers:"The log has become rather long. It moved to its own file.See ."The author list is quite long nowadays, so it lives in its own file."See Everyone participating in the " project, and in particular in the issue tracker,pull requests, and social media activity, is expected to treat other people with respectand more generally to follow the guidelines articulated in the"."At the same time, humor is encouraged. In fact, basic familiarity with Monty Python'sFlying Circus is expected. We are not savages."And if you " need to slap somebody, do it with a fish while dancing.""At long last, "" is no longer a beta product! This is the first non-beta releaseand the first release covered by our new stability policy."