description"Bottle is a fast and simple micro-framework for small web applications. Itoffers request dispatching (Routes) with url parameter support, templates,a built-in HTTP Server and adapters for many third party WSGI/HTTP-server andtemplate engines - all in a single file and with no dependencies other than thePython Standard Library."Homepage and documentation: "Copyright (c) 2016, Marcel Hellkamp.License: MIT (see LICENSE for details)"description"Bottle is a fast and simple micro-framework for small web applications. Itoffers request dispatching (Routes) with url parameter support, templates,a built-in HTTP Server and adapters for many third party WSGI/HTTP-server andtemplate engines - all in a single file and with no dependencies other than thePython Standard Library."Homepage and documentation: "Copyright (c) 2016, Marcel Hellkamp.License: MIT (see LICENSE for details)"description"Bottle is a fast and simple micro-framework for small web applications. Itoffers request dispatching (Routes) with url parameter support, templates,a built-in HTTP Server and adapters for many third party WSGI/HTTP-server andtemplate engines - all in a single file and with no dependencies other than thePython Standard Library."Homepage and documentation: "Copyright (c) 2016, Marcel Hellkamp.License: MIT (see LICENSE for details)"description"Bottle is a fast and simple micro-framework for small web applications. Itoffers request dispatching (Routes) with url parameter support, templates,a built-in HTTP Server and adapters for many third party WSGI/HTTP-server andtemplate engines - all in a single file and with no dependencies other than thePython Standard Library."Homepage and documentation: "Copyright (c) 2016, Marcel Hellkamp.License: MIT (see LICENSE for details)"description"Bottle is a fast and simple micro-framework for small web applications. Itoffers request dispatching (Routes) with url parameter support, templates,a built-in HTTP Server and adapters for many third party WSGI/HTTP-server andtemplate engines - all in a single file and with no dependencies other than thePython Standard Library."Homepage and documentation: "Copyright (c) 2016, Marcel Hellkamp.License: MIT (see LICENSE for details)"