description"This module provides various memoizing collections and decorators,including variants of the Python Standard Library’s ""function decorator.""For the purpose of this module, a " is a  " of afixed maximum size.  When the cache is full, i.e. by adding anotheritem the cache would exceed its maximum size, the cache must choosewhich item(s) to discard based on a suitable "."This module provides multiple cache classes based on different cachealgorithms, as well as decorators for easily memoizing function andmethod calls."description"This module provides various memoizing collections and decorators,including variants of the Python Standard Library’s ""function decorator.""For the purpose of this module, a " is a  " of afixed maximum size.  When the cache is full, i.e. by adding anotheritem the cache would exceed its maximum size, the cache must choosewhich item(s) to discard based on a suitable "."This module provides multiple cache classes based on different cachealgorithms, as well as decorators for easily memoizing function andmethod calls."description"This module provides various memoizing collections and decorators,including variants of the Python Standard Library’s ""function decorator.""For the purpose of this module, a " is a  " of afixed maximum size.  When the cache is full, i.e. by adding anotheritem the cache would exceed its maximum size, the cache must choosewhich item(s) to discard based on a suitable "."This module provides multiple cache classes based on different cachealgorithms, as well as decorators for easily memoizing function andmethod calls."description"This module provides various memoizing collections and decorators,including variants of the Python Standard Library’s ""function decorator.""For the purpose of this module, a " is a  " of afixed maximum size.  When the cache is full, i.e. by adding anotheritem the cache would exceed its maximum size, the cache must choosewhich item(s) to discard based on a suitable "."This module provides multiple cache classes based on different cachealgorithms, as well as decorators for easily memoizing function andmethod calls."