description""""""""""""A command-line utility that creates projects from " (projecttemplates), e.g. creating a Python package project from a Python package projecttemplate.""We are proud to be an open source sponsor of".Did someone say features?"Making great cookies takes a lot of cookiecutters and contributors. We're sopleased that there are many Cookiecutter project templates to choose from. Wehope you find a cookiecutter that is just right for your needs.""The best place to start searching for specific and ready to use cookiecuttertemplate is "".Just type " and you will discover over 4000 related repositories."We also recommend you to check related GitHub topics. For general search use"".For specific topics try to use "", like" or ". This is new GitHub feature,so not all active repositories use it at the moment.""If you are template developer please add related""with "" prefix to you repository. We believe it will make it morediscoverable. You are almost not limited in topics amount, use it!"These Cookiecutters are maintained by the cookiecutter team:The core committer team can be found in ".We are always welcome and invite you to participate."Stuck? Try one of the following:Development on Cookiecutter is community-driven:"Encouragement is unbelievably motivating. If you want more work done onCookiecutter, show support:"Got criticism or complaints?Waiting for a response to an issue/question?"This project is run by volunteers. Shortly we will be providing means fororganizations and individuals to support the project.""Everyone interacting in the Cookiecutter project's codebases, issue trackers,chat rooms, and mailing lists is expected to follow the".description""""""""""""A command-line utility that creates projects from " (projecttemplates), e.g. creating a Python package project from a Python package projecttemplate.""We are proud to be an open source sponsor of".Did someone say features?"Making great cookies takes a lot of cookiecutters and contributors. We're sopleased that there are many Cookiecutter project templates to choose from. Wehope you find a cookiecutter that is just right for your needs.""The best place to start searching for specific and ready to use cookiecuttertemplate is "".Just type " and you will discover over 4000 related repositories."We also recommend you to check related GitHub topics. For general search use"".For specific topics try to use "", like" or ". This is new GitHub feature,so not all active repositories use it at the moment.""If you are template developer please add related""with "" prefix to you repository. We believe it will make it morediscoverable. You are almost not limited in topics amount, use it!"These Cookiecutters are maintained by the cookiecutter team:The core committer team can be found in ".We are always welcome and invite you to participate."Stuck? Try one of the following:Development on Cookiecutter is community-driven:"Encouragement is unbelievably motivating. If you want more work done onCookiecutter, show support:"Got criticism or complaints?Waiting for a response to an issue/question?"This project is run by volunteers. Shortly we will be providing means fororganizations and individuals to support the project.""Everyone interacting in the Cookiecutter project's codebases, issue trackers,chat rooms, and mailing lists is expected to follow the".description""""""""""""A command-line utility that creates projects from " (projecttemplates), e.g. creating a Python package project from a Python package projecttemplate.""We are proud to be an open source sponsor of".Did someone say features?"Making great cookies takes a lot of cookiecutters and contributors. We're sopleased that there are many Cookiecutter project templates to choose from. Wehope you find a cookiecutter that is just right for your needs.""The best place to start searching for specific and ready to use cookiecuttertemplate is "".Just type " and you will discover over 4000 related repositories."We also recommend you to check related GitHub topics. For general search use"".For specific topics try to use "", like" or ". This is new GitHub feature,so not all active repositories use it at the moment.""If you are template developer please add related""with "" prefix to you repository. We believe it will make it morediscoverable. You are almost not limited in topics amount, use it!"These Cookiecutters are maintained by the cookiecutter team:The core committer team can be found in ".We are always welcome and invite you to participate."Stuck? Try one of the following:Development on Cookiecutter is community-driven:"Encouragement is unbelievably motivating. If you want more work done onCookiecutter, show support:"Got criticism or complaints?Waiting for a response to an issue/question?"This project is run by volunteers. Shortly we will be providing means fororganizations and individuals to support the project.""Everyone interacting in the Cookiecutter project's codebases, issue trackers,chat rooms, and mailing lists is expected to follow the".description""""""""""""A command-line utility that creates projects from " (projecttemplates), e.g. creating a Python package project from a Python package projecttemplate.""We are proud to be an open source sponsor of".Did someone say features?"Making great cookies takes a lot of cookiecutters and contributors. We're sopleased that there are many Cookiecutter project templates to choose from. Wehope you find a cookiecutter that is just right for your needs.""The best place to start searching for specific and ready to use cookiecuttertemplate is "".Just type " and you will discover over 4000 related repositories."We also recommend you to check related GitHub topics. For general search use"".For specific topics try to use "", like" or ". This is new GitHub feature,so not all active repositories use it at the moment.""If you are template developer please add related""with "" prefix to you repository. We believe it will make it morediscoverable. You are almost not limited in topics amount, use it!"These Cookiecutters are maintained by the cookiecutter team:The core committer team can be found in ".We are always welcome and invite you to participate."Stuck? Try one of the following:Development on Cookiecutter is community-driven:"Encouragement is unbelievably motivating. If you want more work done onCookiecutter, show support:"Got criticism or complaints?Waiting for a response to an issue/question?"This project is run by volunteers. Shortly we will be providing means fororganizations and individuals to support the project.""Everyone interacting in the Cookiecutter project's codebases, issue trackers,chat rooms, and mailing lists is expected to follow the".