description" is a package which provides cryptographic recipes andprimitives to Python developers.  Our goal is for it to be your “cryptographicstandard library”. It supports Python 3.6+ and PyPy3 7.2+."" includes both high level recipes and low level interfaces tocommon cryptographic algorithms such as symmetric ciphers, message digests, andkey derivation functions. For example, to encrypt something with"’s high level symmetric encryption recipe:You can find more information in the .You can install  with:For full details see .description" is a package which provides cryptographic recipes andprimitives to Python developers.  Our goal is for it to be your “cryptographicstandard library”. It supports Python 3.6+ and PyPy3 7.2+."" includes both high level recipes and low level interfaces tocommon cryptographic algorithms such as symmetric ciphers, message digests, andkey derivation functions. For example, to encrypt something with"’s high level symmetric encryption recipe:You can find more information in the .You can install  with:For full details see .description" is a package which provides cryptographic recipes andprimitives to Python developers.  Our goal is for it to be your “cryptographicstandard library”. It supports Python 3.6+ and PyPy3 7.2+."" includes both high level recipes and low level interfaces tocommon cryptographic algorithms such as symmetric ciphers, message digests, andkey derivation functions. For example, to encrypt something with"’s high level symmetric encryption recipe:You can find more information in the .You can install  with:For full details see .description" is a package which provides cryptographic recipes andprimitives to Python developers.  Our goal is for it to be your “cryptographicstandard library”. It supports Python 3.6+ and PyPy3 7.2+."" includes both high level recipes and low level interfaces tocommon cryptographic algorithms such as symmetric ciphers, message digests, andkey derivation functions. For example, to encrypt something with"’s high level symmetric encryption recipe:You can find more information in the .You can install  with:For full details see .