description""""""""""""" provides information about theOS distribution it runs on, such as a reliable machine-readable ID, orversion information.""It is the recommended replacement for Python's original""function (removed in Python 3.8). It also provides much more functionalitywhich isn't necessarily Python bound, like a command-line interface."Distro currently supports Linux and BSD based systems but  is also planned."For Python 2.6 support, see "Installation of the latest released version from PyPI:Installation of the latest development version:"To use as a standalone script, download " directly:" is safe to vendor within projects that do not wish to adddependencies.""On top of the aforementioned API, several more functions are available. For a complete description of theAPI, see the "."An alternative implementation became necessary because Python 3.5 deprecatedthis function, and Python 3.8 removed it altogether. Its predecessor function""was already deprecated since Python 2.6 and removed in Python 3.8. Still, thereare many cases in which access to that information is needed. See " for more information.The " package implements a robust and inclusive way of retrieving theinformation about a distribution based on new standards and old methods,namely from these data sources (from high to low precedence):"" is supported and tested on Python 3.6+ and PyPy and on anydistribution that provides one or more of the data sources covered."This package is tested with test data that mimics the exact behavior of the data sources of ."Pull requests are always welcome to deal with specific distributions or justfor general merriment."See  for contribution info."Reference implementations for supporting additional distributions and fileformats can be found here:"description""""""""""""" provides information about theOS distribution it runs on, such as a reliable machine-readable ID, orversion information.""It is the recommended replacement for Python's original""function (removed in Python 3.8). It also provides much more functionalitywhich isn't necessarily Python bound, like a command-line interface."Distro currently supports Linux and BSD based systems but  is also planned."For Python 2.6 support, see "Installation of the latest released version from PyPI:Installation of the latest development version:"To use as a standalone script, download " directly:" is safe to vendor within projects that do not wish to adddependencies.""On top of the aforementioned API, several more functions are available. For a complete description of theAPI, see the "."An alternative implementation became necessary because Python 3.5 deprecatedthis function, and Python 3.8 removed it altogether. Its predecessor function""was already deprecated since Python 2.6 and removed in Python 3.8. Still, thereare many cases in which access to that information is needed. See " for more information.The " package implements a robust and inclusive way of retrieving theinformation about a distribution based on new standards and old methods,namely from these data sources (from high to low precedence):"" is supported and tested on Python 3.6+ and PyPy and on anydistribution that provides one or more of the data sources covered."This package is tested with test data that mimics the exact behavior of the data sources of ."Pull requests are always welcome to deal with specific distributions or justfor general merriment."See  for contribution info."Reference implementations for supporting additional distributions and fileformats can be found here:"description""""""""""""" provides information about theOS distribution it runs on, such as a reliable machine-readable ID, orversion information.""It is the recommended replacement for Python's original""function (removed in Python 3.8). It also provides much more functionalitywhich isn't necessarily Python bound, like a command-line interface."Distro currently supports Linux and BSD based systems but  is also planned."For Python 2.6 support, see "Installation of the latest released version from PyPI:Installation of the latest development version:"To use as a standalone script, download " directly:" is safe to vendor within projects that do not wish to adddependencies.""On top of the aforementioned API, several more functions are available. For a complete description of theAPI, see the "."An alternative implementation became necessary because Python 3.5 deprecatedthis function, and Python 3.8 removed it altogether. Its predecessor function""was already deprecated since Python 2.6 and removed in Python 3.8. Still, thereare many cases in which access to that information is needed. See " for more information.The " package implements a robust and inclusive way of retrieving theinformation about a distribution based on new standards and old methods,namely from these data sources (from high to low precedence):"" is supported and tested on Python 3.6+ and PyPy and on anydistribution that provides one or more of the data sources covered."This package is tested with test data that mimics the exact behavior of the data sources of ."Pull requests are always welcome to deal with specific distributions or justfor general merriment."See  for contribution info."Reference implementations for supporting additional distributions and fileformats can be found here:"description""""""""""""" provides information about theOS distribution it runs on, such as a reliable machine-readable ID, orversion information.""It is the recommended replacement for Python's original""function (removed in Python 3.8). It also provides much more functionalitywhich isn't necessarily Python bound, like a command-line interface."Distro currently supports Linux and BSD based systems but  is also planned."For Python 2.6 support, see "Installation of the latest released version from PyPI:Installation of the latest development version:"To use as a standalone script, download " directly:" is safe to vendor within projects that do not wish to adddependencies.""On top of the aforementioned API, several more functions are available. For a complete description of theAPI, see the "."An alternative implementation became necessary because Python 3.5 deprecatedthis function, and Python 3.8 removed it altogether. Its predecessor function""was already deprecated since Python 2.6 and removed in Python 3.8. Still, thereare many cases in which access to that information is needed. See " for more information.The " package implements a robust and inclusive way of retrieving theinformation about a distribution based on new standards and old methods,namely from these data sources (from high to low precedence):"" is supported and tested on Python 3.6+ and PyPy and on anydistribution that provides one or more of the data sources covered."This package is tested with test data that mimics the exact behavior of the data sources of ."Pull requests are always welcome to deal with specific distributions or justfor general merriment."See  for contribution info."Reference implementations for supporting additional distributions and fileformats can be found here:"