description       "This package facilitates the creation and rendering of graph descriptions inthe " language of the  graph drawing software (")from Python.""Create a graph object, assemble the graph by adding nodes and edges, andretrieve its DOT source code string. Save the source code to a file and renderit with the Graphviz installation of your system."Use the " option/method to directly inspect the resulting (PDF, PNG,SVG, etc.) file with its default application. Graphs can also be renderedand displayed within "" (formerly known as"","", "")as well as the ".description       "This package facilitates the creation and rendering of graph descriptions inthe " language of the  graph drawing software (")from Python.""Create a graph object, assemble the graph by adding nodes and edges, andretrieve its DOT source code string. Save the source code to a file and renderit with the Graphviz installation of your system."Use the " option/method to directly inspect the resulting (PDF, PNG,SVG, etc.) file with its default application. Graphs can also be renderedand displayed within "" (formerly known as"","", "")as well as the ".description       "This package facilitates the creation and rendering of graph descriptions inthe " language of the  graph drawing software (")from Python.""Create a graph object, assemble the graph by adding nodes and edges, andretrieve its DOT source code string. Save the source code to a file and renderit with the Graphviz installation of your system."Use the " option/method to directly inspect the resulting (PDF, PNG,SVG, etc.) file with its default application. Graphs can also be renderedand displayed within "" (formerly known as"","", "")as well as the ".description       "This package facilitates the creation and rendering of graph descriptions inthe " language of the  graph drawing software (")from Python.""Create a graph object, assemble the graph by adding nodes and edges, andretrieve its DOT source code string. Save the source code to a file and renderit with the Graphviz installation of your system."Use the " option/method to directly inspect the resulting (PDF, PNG,SVG, etc.) file with its default application. Graphs can also be renderedand displayed within "" (formerly known as"","", "")as well as the ".