description"Greenlets are lightweight coroutines for in-process concurrentprogramming."The “greenlet” package is a spin-off of ", a version ofCPython that supports micro-threads called “tasklets”. Tasklets runpseudo-concurrently (typically in a single or a few OS-level threads)and are synchronized with data exchanges on “channels”.""A “greenlet”, on the other hand, is a still more primitive notion ofmicro-thread with no implicit scheduling; coroutines, in other words.This is useful when you want to control exactly when your code runs.You can build custom scheduled micro-threads on top of greenlet;however, it seems that greenlets are useful on their own as a way tomake advanced control flow structures. For example, we can recreategenerators; the difference with Python’s own generators is that ourgenerators can call nested functions and the nested functions canyield values too. (Additionally, you don’t need a “yield” keyword. Seethe example in ")."Greenlets are provided as a C extension module for the regular unmodifiedinterpreter."description"Greenlets are lightweight coroutines for in-process concurrentprogramming."The “greenlet” package is a spin-off of ", a version ofCPython that supports micro-threads called “tasklets”. Tasklets runpseudo-concurrently (typically in a single or a few OS-level threads)and are synchronized with data exchanges on “channels”.""A “greenlet”, on the other hand, is a still more primitive notion ofmicro-thread with no implicit scheduling; coroutines, in other words.This is useful when you want to control exactly when your code runs.You can build custom scheduled micro-threads on top of greenlet;however, it seems that greenlets are useful on their own as a way tomake advanced control flow structures. For example, we can recreategenerators; the difference with Python’s own generators is that ourgenerators can call nested functions and the nested functions canyield values too. (Additionally, you don’t need a “yield” keyword. Seethe example in ")."Greenlets are provided as a C extension module for the regular unmodifiedinterpreter."description"Greenlets are lightweight coroutines for in-process concurrentprogramming."The “greenlet” package is a spin-off of ", a version ofCPython that supports micro-threads called “tasklets”. Tasklets runpseudo-concurrently (typically in a single or a few OS-level threads)and are synchronized with data exchanges on “channels”.""A “greenlet”, on the other hand, is a still more primitive notion ofmicro-thread with no implicit scheduling; coroutines, in other words.This is useful when you want to control exactly when your code runs.You can build custom scheduled micro-threads on top of greenlet;however, it seems that greenlets are useful on their own as a way tomake advanced control flow structures. For example, we can recreategenerators; the difference with Python’s own generators is that ourgenerators can call nested functions and the nested functions canyield values too. (Additionally, you don’t need a “yield” keyword. Seethe example in ")."Greenlets are provided as a C extension module for the regular unmodifiedinterpreter."description"Greenlets are lightweight coroutines for in-process concurrentprogramming."The “greenlet” package is a spin-off of ", a version ofCPython that supports micro-threads called “tasklets”. Tasklets runpseudo-concurrently (typically in a single or a few OS-level threads)and are synchronized with data exchanges on “channels”.""A “greenlet”, on the other hand, is a still more primitive notion ofmicro-thread with no implicit scheduling; coroutines, in other words.This is useful when you want to control exactly when your code runs.You can build custom scheduled micro-threads on top of greenlet;however, it seems that greenlets are useful on their own as a way tomake advanced control flow structures. For example, we can recreategenerators; the difference with Python’s own generators is that ourgenerators can call nested functions and the nested functions canyield values too. (Additionally, you don’t need a “yield” keyword. Seethe example in ")."Greenlets are provided as a C extension module for the regular unmodifiedinterpreter."