description"This is a little HTTP/1.1 library written from scratch in Python,heavily inspired by "."It’s a “bring-your-own-I/O” library; h11 contains no IO codewhatsoever. This means you can hook h11 up to your favorite networkAPI, and that could be anything you want: synchronous, threaded,asynchronous, or your own implementation of "" – h11 won’t judge you.(Compare this to the current state of the art, where every time a "" comes along then someonegets to start over reimplementing the entire HTTP protocol fromscratch.) Cory Benfield made an "", or if you like videothen here’s his "."This also means that h11 is not immediately useful out of the box:it’s a toolkit for building programs that speak HTTP, not somethingthat could directly replace " or " orwhatever. But h11 makes it much easier to implement something like" or ."At a high level, working with h11 goes like this:""For example, a client might instantiate and then send a"" object, then zero or more "" objects for therequest body (e.g., if this is a POST), and then a"" to indicate the end of the message. Then theserver would then send back a "", some "", andits own "". If either side violates the protocol,you’ll get a " exception."h11 is suitable for implementing both servers and clients, and has apleasantly symmetric API: the events you send as a client are exactlythe ones that you receive as a server and vice-versa."It also has .description"This is a little HTTP/1.1 library written from scratch in Python,heavily inspired by "."It’s a “bring-your-own-I/O” library; h11 contains no IO codewhatsoever. This means you can hook h11 up to your favorite networkAPI, and that could be anything you want: synchronous, threaded,asynchronous, or your own implementation of "" – h11 won’t judge you.(Compare this to the current state of the art, where every time a "" comes along then someonegets to start over reimplementing the entire HTTP protocol fromscratch.) Cory Benfield made an "", or if you like videothen here’s his "."This also means that h11 is not immediately useful out of the box:it’s a toolkit for building programs that speak HTTP, not somethingthat could directly replace " or " orwhatever. But h11 makes it much easier to implement something like" or ."At a high level, working with h11 goes like this:""For example, a client might instantiate and then send a"" object, then zero or more "" objects for therequest body (e.g., if this is a POST), and then a"" to indicate the end of the message. Then theserver would then send back a "", some "", andits own "". If either side violates the protocol,you’ll get a " exception."h11 is suitable for implementing both servers and clients, and has apleasantly symmetric API: the events you send as a client are exactlythe ones that you receive as a server and vice-versa."It also has .description"This is a little HTTP/1.1 library written from scratch in Python,heavily inspired by "."It’s a “bring-your-own-I/O” library; h11 contains no IO codewhatsoever. This means you can hook h11 up to your favorite networkAPI, and that could be anything you want: synchronous, threaded,asynchronous, or your own implementation of "" – h11 won’t judge you.(Compare this to the current state of the art, where every time a "" comes along then someonegets to start over reimplementing the entire HTTP protocol fromscratch.) Cory Benfield made an "", or if you like videothen here’s his "."This also means that h11 is not immediately useful out of the box:it’s a toolkit for building programs that speak HTTP, not somethingthat could directly replace " or " orwhatever. But h11 makes it much easier to implement something like" or ."At a high level, working with h11 goes like this:""For example, a client might instantiate and then send a"" object, then zero or more "" objects for therequest body (e.g., if this is a POST), and then a"" to indicate the end of the message. Then theserver would then send back a "", some "", andits own "". If either side violates the protocol,you’ll get a " exception."h11 is suitable for implementing both servers and clients, and has apleasantly symmetric API: the events you send as a client are exactlythe ones that you receive as a server and vice-versa."It also has .description"This is a little HTTP/1.1 library written from scratch in Python,heavily inspired by "."It’s a “bring-your-own-I/O” library; h11 contains no IO codewhatsoever. This means you can hook h11 up to your favorite networkAPI, and that could be anything you want: synchronous, threaded,asynchronous, or your own implementation of "" – h11 won’t judge you.(Compare this to the current state of the art, where every time a "" comes along then someonegets to start over reimplementing the entire HTTP protocol fromscratch.) Cory Benfield made an "", or if you like videothen here’s his "."This also means that h11 is not immediately useful out of the box:it’s a toolkit for building programs that speak HTTP, not somethingthat could directly replace " or " orwhatever. But h11 makes it much easier to implement something like" or ."At a high level, working with h11 goes like this:""For example, a client might instantiate and then send a"" object, then zero or more "" objects for therequest body (e.g., if this is a POST), and then a"" to indicate the end of the message. Then theserver would then send back a "", some "", andits own "". If either side violates the protocol,you’ll get a " exception."h11 is suitable for implementing both servers and clients, and has apleasantly symmetric API: the events you send as a client are exactlythe ones that you receive as a server and vice-versa."It also has .