description"    """"    ""    ""    """"Are you a hack programmer? Do you find yourself constantly Googling forhow to do basic programming tasks?""Suppose you want to know how to format a date in bash. Why open yourbrowser and read through blogs (risking major distraction) when you cansimply stay in the console and ask howdoi:"howdoi will answer all sorts of queries:"Using the howdoi stashing feature (for more advanced features view the")."As a shortcut, if you commonly use the same parameters each time anddon't want to type them, add something similar to your .bash_profile(or otherwise). This example gives you 5 colored results each time."And then to run it from the command line simply type:You can also search other  for answers:or as an alias:Other useful aliases:"We welcome contributions that make howdoi better and improve theexisting functionalities of the project. We have created a separate"" that explainshow to get up and running with your first pull request."Head over to the "to install the extension."description"    """"    ""    ""    """"Are you a hack programmer? Do you find yourself constantly Googling forhow to do basic programming tasks?""Suppose you want to know how to format a date in bash. Why open yourbrowser and read through blogs (risking major distraction) when you cansimply stay in the console and ask howdoi:"howdoi will answer all sorts of queries:"Using the howdoi stashing feature (for more advanced features view the")."As a shortcut, if you commonly use the same parameters each time anddon't want to type them, add something similar to your .bash_profile(or otherwise). This example gives you 5 colored results each time."And then to run it from the command line simply type:You can also search other  for answers:or as an alias:Other useful aliases:"We welcome contributions that make howdoi better and improve theexisting functionalities of the project. We have created a separate"" that explainshow to get up and running with your first pull request."Head over to the "to install the extension."description"    """"    ""    ""    """"Are you a hack programmer? Do you find yourself constantly Googling forhow to do basic programming tasks?""Suppose you want to know how to format a date in bash. Why open yourbrowser and read through blogs (risking major distraction) when you cansimply stay in the console and ask howdoi:"howdoi will answer all sorts of queries:"Using the howdoi stashing feature (for more advanced features view the")."As a shortcut, if you commonly use the same parameters each time anddon't want to type them, add something similar to your .bash_profile(or otherwise). This example gives you 5 colored results each time."And then to run it from the command line simply type:You can also search other  for answers:or as an alias:Other useful aliases:"We welcome contributions that make howdoi better and improve theexisting functionalities of the project. We have created a separate"" that explainshow to get up and running with your first pull request."Head over to the "to install the extension."description"    """"    ""    ""    """"Are you a hack programmer? Do you find yourself constantly Googling forhow to do basic programming tasks?""Suppose you want to know how to format a date in bash. Why open yourbrowser and read through blogs (risking major distraction) when you cansimply stay in the console and ask howdoi:"howdoi will answer all sorts of queries:"Using the howdoi stashing feature (for more advanced features view the")."As a shortcut, if you commonly use the same parameters each time anddon't want to type them, add something similar to your .bash_profile(or otherwise). This example gives you 5 colored results each time."And then to run it from the command line simply type:You can also search other  for answers:or as an alias:Other useful aliases:"We welcome contributions that make howdoi better and improve theexisting functionalities of the project. We have created a separate"" that explainshow to get up and running with your first pull request."Head over to the "to install the extension."