description"""""""""""""""""" - "isort your imports, so you don't have to.""isort is a Python utility / library to sort imports alphabetically, andautomatically separated into sections and by type. It provides a command lineutility, Python library and "" toquickly sort all your imports. It requires Python 3.6+ to run butsupports formatting Python 2 code too."Before isort:After isort:Installing isort is as simple as:Install isort with requirements.txt support:Install isort with Pipfile support:Install isort with both formats support::To run on specific files:To apply recursively:If "is enabled, " is equivalent to:To view proposed changes without applying them:"Finally, to atomically run isort against a project, only applyingchanges if they don't introduce syntax errors:""(Note: this is disabled by default, as it prevents isort fromrunning against code written using a different version of Python.)":or:"Several plugins have been written that enable to use isort from within avariety of text-editors. You can find a full list of them "".Additionally, I will enthusiastically accept pull requests that includeplugins for other text editors and add documentation for them as I amnotified.""You will notice above the ""multi_line_output"" setting. This settingdefines how from imports wrap when they extend past the line_lengthlimit and has "."To change the how constant indents appear - simply change theindent property with the following accepted formats:"For example:is equivalent to 4."For the import styles that use parentheses, you can control whether ornot to include a trailing comma after the last import with the" option (defaults to )."As of isort 3.1.0 support for balanced multi-line imports has beenadded. With this enabled isort will dynamically change the import lengthto the one that produces the most balanced grid, while staying below themaximum import length defined."Example:Will be produced instead of:To enable this set  to " in your config or passthe " option into the command line utility."isort provides configuration options to change almost every aspect of howimports are organized, ordered, or grouped together in sections." for an overview of all these options."To make isort ignore a single import simply add a comment at the end ofthe import line containing the text ":or:To make isort skip an entire file simply add " to themodule's doc string:"isort can be ran or configured to add / remove imports automatically."isort can also be used to verify that code is correctly formattedby running it with "". Any files that contain incorrectly sortedand/or formatted imports will be outputted to "."One great place this can be used is with a pre-commit git hook, such asthis one by @acdha:""This can help to ensure a certain level of code quality throughout aproject.""isort provides a hook function that can be integrated into your Gitpre-commit script to check Python code before committing.""Upon installation, isort enables a "" command that checksPython files declared by your project."Place this badge at the top of your repository to let others know your project uses isort.For README.md:Or README.rst:"To report a security vulnerability, please use the "". Tidelift will coordinate thefix and disclosure.""isort simply stands for import sort. It was originally called""sortImports"" however I got tired of typing the extra characters andcame to the realization camelCase is not pythonic.""I wrote isort because in an organization I used to work in the managercame in one day and decided all code must have alphabetically sortedimports. The code base was huge - and he meant for us to do it by hand.However, being a programmer - I'm too lazy to spend 8 hours mindlesslyperforming a function, but not too lazy to spend 16 hours automating it.I was given permission to open source sortImports and here we are :)"Professional support for isort is available as part of the ".Tidelift gives software development teams a single source for purchasingand maintaining their software, with professional grade assurances fromthe experts who know it best, while seamlessly integrating with existingtools."Thanks and I hope you find isort useful!~Timothy Crosleydescription"""""""""""""""""" - "isort your imports, so you don't have to.""isort is a Python utility / library to sort imports alphabetically, andautomatically separated into sections and by type. It provides a command lineutility, Python library and "" toquickly sort all your imports. It requires Python 3.6+ to run butsupports formatting Python 2 code too."Before isort:After isort:Installing isort is as simple as:Install isort with requirements.txt support:Install isort with Pipfile support:Install isort with both formats support::To run on specific files:To apply recursively:If "is enabled, " is equivalent to:To view proposed changes without applying them:"Finally, to atomically run isort against a project, only applyingchanges if they don't introduce syntax errors:""(Note: this is disabled by default, as it prevents isort fromrunning against code written using a different version of Python.)":or:"Several plugins have been written that enable to use isort from within avariety of text-editors. You can find a full list of them "".Additionally, I will enthusiastically accept pull requests that includeplugins for other text editors and add documentation for them as I amnotified.""You will notice above the ""multi_line_output"" setting. This settingdefines how from imports wrap when they extend past the line_lengthlimit and has "."To change the how constant indents appear - simply change theindent property with the following accepted formats:"For example:is equivalent to 4."For the import styles that use parentheses, you can control whether ornot to include a trailing comma after the last import with the" option (defaults to )."As of isort 3.1.0 support for balanced multi-line imports has beenadded. With this enabled isort will dynamically change the import lengthto the one that produces the most balanced grid, while staying below themaximum import length defined."Example:Will be produced instead of:To enable this set  to " in your config or passthe " option into the command line utility."isort provides configuration options to change almost every aspect of howimports are organized, ordered, or grouped together in sections." for an overview of all these options."To make isort ignore a single import simply add a comment at the end ofthe import line containing the text ":or:To make isort skip an entire file simply add " to themodule's doc string:"isort can be ran or configured to add / remove imports automatically."isort can also be used to verify that code is correctly formattedby running it with "". Any files that contain incorrectly sortedand/or formatted imports will be outputted to "."One great place this can be used is with a pre-commit git hook, such asthis one by @acdha:""This can help to ensure a certain level of code quality throughout aproject.""isort provides a hook function that can be integrated into your Gitpre-commit script to check Python code before committing.""Upon installation, isort enables a "" command that checksPython files declared by your project."Place this badge at the top of your repository to let others know your project uses isort.For README.md:Or README.rst:"To report a security vulnerability, please use the "". Tidelift will coordinate thefix and disclosure.""isort simply stands for import sort. It was originally called""sortImports"" however I got tired of typing the extra characters andcame to the realization camelCase is not pythonic.""I wrote isort because in an organization I used to work in the managercame in one day and decided all code must have alphabetically sortedimports. The code base was huge - and he meant for us to do it by hand.However, being a programmer - I'm too lazy to spend 8 hours mindlesslyperforming a function, but not too lazy to spend 16 hours automating it.I was given permission to open source sortImports and here we are :)"Professional support for isort is available as part of the ".Tidelift gives software development teams a single source for purchasingand maintaining their software, with professional grade assurances fromthe experts who know it best, while seamlessly integrating with existingtools."Thanks and I hope you find isort useful!~Timothy Crosleydescription"""""""""""""""""" - "isort your imports, so you don't have to.""isort is a Python utility / library to sort imports alphabetically, andautomatically separated into sections and by type. It provides a command lineutility, Python library and "" toquickly sort all your imports. It requires Python 3.6+ to run butsupports formatting Python 2 code too."Before isort:After isort:Installing isort is as simple as:Install isort with requirements.txt support:Install isort with Pipfile support:Install isort with both formats support::To run on specific files:To apply recursively:If "is enabled, " is equivalent to:To view proposed changes without applying them:"Finally, to atomically run isort against a project, only applyingchanges if they don't introduce syntax errors:""(Note: this is disabled by default, as it prevents isort fromrunning against code written using a different version of Python.)":or:"Several plugins have been written that enable to use isort from within avariety of text-editors. You can find a full list of them "".Additionally, I will enthusiastically accept pull requests that includeplugins for other text editors and add documentation for them as I amnotified.""You will notice above the ""multi_line_output"" setting. This settingdefines how from imports wrap when they extend past the line_lengthlimit and has "."To change the how constant indents appear - simply change theindent property with the following accepted formats:"For example:is equivalent to 4."For the import styles that use parentheses, you can control whether ornot to include a trailing comma after the last import with the" option (defaults to )."As of isort 3.1.0 support for balanced multi-line imports has beenadded. With this enabled isort will dynamically change the import lengthto the one that produces the most balanced grid, while staying below themaximum import length defined."Example:Will be produced instead of:To enable this set  to " in your config or passthe " option into the command line utility."isort provides configuration options to change almost every aspect of howimports are organized, ordered, or grouped together in sections." for an overview of all these options."To make isort ignore a single import simply add a comment at the end ofthe import line containing the text ":or:To make isort skip an entire file simply add " to themodule's doc string:"isort can be ran or configured to add / remove imports automatically."isort can also be used to verify that code is correctly formattedby running it with "". Any files that contain incorrectly sortedand/or formatted imports will be outputted to "."One great place this can be used is with a pre-commit git hook, such asthis one by @acdha:""This can help to ensure a certain level of code quality throughout aproject.""isort provides a hook function that can be integrated into your Gitpre-commit script to check Python code before committing.""Upon installation, isort enables a "" command that checksPython files declared by your project."Place this badge at the top of your repository to let others know your project uses isort.For README.md:Or README.rst:"To report a security vulnerability, please use the "". Tidelift will coordinate thefix and disclosure.""isort simply stands for import sort. It was originally called""sortImports"" however I got tired of typing the extra characters andcame to the realization camelCase is not pythonic.""I wrote isort because in an organization I used to work in the managercame in one day and decided all code must have alphabetically sortedimports. The code base was huge - and he meant for us to do it by hand.However, being a programmer - I'm too lazy to spend 8 hours mindlesslyperforming a function, but not too lazy to spend 16 hours automating it.I was given permission to open source sortImports and here we are :)"Professional support for isort is available as part of the ".Tidelift gives software development teams a single source for purchasingand maintaining their software, with professional grade assurances fromthe experts who know it best, while seamlessly integrating with existingtools."Thanks and I hope you find isort useful!~Timothy Crosleydescription"""""""""""""""""" - "isort your imports, so you don't have to.""isort is a Python utility / library to sort imports alphabetically, andautomatically separated into sections and by type. It provides a command lineutility, Python library and "" toquickly sort all your imports. It requires Python 3.6+ to run butsupports formatting Python 2 code too."Before isort:After isort:Installing isort is as simple as:Install isort with requirements.txt support:Install isort with Pipfile support:Install isort with both formats support::To run on specific files:To apply recursively:If "is enabled, " is equivalent to:To view proposed changes without applying them:"Finally, to atomically run isort against a project, only applyingchanges if they don't introduce syntax errors:""(Note: this is disabled by default, as it prevents isort fromrunning against code written using a different version of Python.)":or:"Several plugins have been written that enable to use isort from within avariety of text-editors. You can find a full list of them "".Additionally, I will enthusiastically accept pull requests that includeplugins for other text editors and add documentation for them as I amnotified.""You will notice above the ""multi_line_output"" setting. This settingdefines how from imports wrap when they extend past the line_lengthlimit and has "."To change the how constant indents appear - simply change theindent property with the following accepted formats:"For example:is equivalent to 4."For the import styles that use parentheses, you can control whether ornot to include a trailing comma after the last import with the" option (defaults to )."As of isort 3.1.0 support for balanced multi-line imports has beenadded. With this enabled isort will dynamically change the import lengthto the one that produces the most balanced grid, while staying below themaximum import length defined."Example:Will be produced instead of:To enable this set  to " in your config or passthe " option into the command line utility."isort provides configuration options to change almost every aspect of howimports are organized, ordered, or grouped together in sections." for an overview of all these options."To make isort ignore a single import simply add a comment at the end ofthe import line containing the text ":or:To make isort skip an entire file simply add " to themodule's doc string:"isort can be ran or configured to add / remove imports automatically."isort can also be used to verify that code is correctly formattedby running it with "". Any files that contain incorrectly sortedand/or formatted imports will be outputted to "."One great place this can be used is with a pre-commit git hook, such asthis one by @acdha:""This can help to ensure a certain level of code quality throughout aproject.""isort provides a hook function that can be integrated into your Gitpre-commit script to check Python code before committing.""Upon installation, isort enables a "" command that checksPython files declared by your project."Place this badge at the top of your repository to let others know your project uses isort.For README.md:Or README.rst:"To report a security vulnerability, please use the "". Tidelift will coordinate thefix and disclosure.""isort simply stands for import sort. It was originally called""sortImports"" however I got tired of typing the extra characters andcame to the realization camelCase is not pythonic.""I wrote isort because in an organization I used to work in the managercame in one day and decided all code must have alphabetically sortedimports. The code base was huge - and he meant for us to do it by hand.However, being a programmer - I'm too lazy to spend 8 hours mindlesslyperforming a function, but not too lazy to spend 16 hours automating it.I was given permission to open source sortImports and here we are :)"Professional support for isort is available as part of the ".Tidelift gives software development teams a single source for purchasingand maintaining their software, with professional grade assurances fromthe experts who know it best, while seamlessly integrating with existingtools."Thanks and I hope you find isort useful!~Timothy Crosleydescription"""""""""""""""""" - "isort your imports, so you don't have to.""isort is a Python utility / library to sort imports alphabetically, andautomatically separated into sections and by type. It provides a command lineutility, Python library and "" toquickly sort all your imports. It requires Python 3.6+ to run butsupports formatting Python 2 code too."Before isort:After isort:Installing isort is as simple as:Install isort with requirements.txt support:Install isort with Pipfile support:Install isort with both formats support::To run on specific files:To apply recursively:If "is enabled, " is equivalent to:To view proposed changes without applying them:"Finally, to atomically run isort against a project, only applyingchanges if they don't introduce syntax errors:""(Note: this is disabled by default, as it prevents isort fromrunning against code written using a different version of Python.)":or:"Several plugins have been written that enable to use isort from within avariety of text-editors. You can find a full list of them "".Additionally, I will enthusiastically accept pull requests that includeplugins for other text editors and add documentation for them as I amnotified.""You will notice above the ""multi_line_output"" setting. This settingdefines how from imports wrap when they extend past the line_lengthlimit and has "."To change the how constant indents appear - simply change theindent property with the following accepted formats:"For example:is equivalent to 4."For the import styles that use parentheses, you can control whether ornot to include a trailing comma after the last import with the" option (defaults to )."As of isort 3.1.0 support for balanced multi-line imports has beenadded. With this enabled isort will dynamically change the import lengthto the one that produces the most balanced grid, while staying below themaximum import length defined."Example:Will be produced instead of:To enable this set  to " in your config or passthe " option into the command line utility."isort provides configuration options to change almost every aspect of howimports are organized, ordered, or grouped together in sections." for an overview of all these options."To make isort ignore a single import simply add a comment at the end ofthe import line containing the text ":or:To make isort skip an entire file simply add " to themodule's doc string:"isort can be ran or configured to add / remove imports automatically."isort can also be used to verify that code is correctly formattedby running it with "". Any files that contain incorrectly sortedand/or formatted imports will be outputted to "."One great place this can be used is with a pre-commit git hook, such asthis one by @acdha:""This can help to ensure a certain level of code quality throughout aproject.""isort provides a hook function that can be integrated into your Gitpre-commit script to check Python code before committing.""Upon installation, isort enables a "" command that checksPython files declared by your project."Place this badge at the top of your repository to let others know your project uses isort.For README.md:Or README.rst:"To report a security vulnerability, please use the "". Tidelift will coordinate thefix and disclosure.""isort simply stands for import sort. It was originally called""sortImports"" however I got tired of typing the extra characters andcame to the realization camelCase is not pythonic.""I wrote isort because in an organization I used to work in the managercame in one day and decided all code must have alphabetically sortedimports. The code base was huge - and he meant for us to do it by hand.However, being a programmer - I'm too lazy to spend 8 hours mindlesslyperforming a function, but not too lazy to spend 16 hours automating it.I was given permission to open source sortImports and here we are :)"Professional support for isort is available as part of the ".Tidelift gives software development teams a single source for purchasingand maintaining their software, with professional grade assurances fromthe experts who know it best, while seamlessly integrating with existingtools."Thanks and I hope you find isort useful!~Timothy Crosley