descriptionA Python implementation of the JSON5 data format." extends the"" data interchange format to make itslightly more usable as a configuration language:""There are a few other more minor extensions to JSON; see the above page forthe full details.""This project implements a reader and writer implementation for Python;where possible, it mirrors the""package for ease of use."There is one notable difference from the JSON api: the " and"" methods support optionally checking for (and rejecting) duplicateobject keys; pass "" to do so (duplicates areallowed by default).""This is an early release. It has been reasonably well-tested, but it is"". It can be 1000-6000x slower than the C-optimized JSON module,and is 200x slower (or more) than the pure Python JSON module.""To run the tests, setup a venv and install the required dependencies with"", then run the tests with ".descriptionA Python implementation of the JSON5 data format." extends the"" data interchange format to make itslightly more usable as a configuration language:""There are a few other more minor extensions to JSON; see the above page forthe full details.""This project implements a reader and writer implementation for Python;where possible, it mirrors the""package for ease of use."There is one notable difference from the JSON api: the " and"" methods support optionally checking for (and rejecting) duplicateobject keys; pass "" to do so (duplicates areallowed by default).""This is an early release. It has been reasonably well-tested, but it is"". It can be 1000-6000x slower than the C-optimized JSON module,and is 200x slower (or more) than the pure Python JSON module.""To run the tests, setup a venv and install the required dependencies with"", then run the tests with ".descriptionA Python implementation of the JSON5 data format." extends the"" data interchange format to make itslightly more usable as a configuration language:""There are a few other more minor extensions to JSON; see the above page forthe full details.""This project implements a reader and writer implementation for Python;where possible, it mirrors the""package for ease of use."There is one notable difference from the JSON api: the " and"" methods support optionally checking for (and rejecting) duplicateobject keys; pass "" to do so (duplicates areallowed by default).""This is an early release. It has been reasonably well-tested, but it is"". It can be 1000-6000x slower than the C-optimized JSON module,and is 200x slower (or more) than the pure Python JSON module.""To run the tests, setup a venv and install the required dependencies with"", then run the tests with ".descriptionA Python implementation of the JSON5 data format." extends the"" data interchange format to make itslightly more usable as a configuration language:""There are a few other more minor extensions to JSON; see the above page forthe full details.""This project implements a reader and writer implementation for Python;where possible, it mirrors the""package for ease of use."There is one notable difference from the JSON api: the " and"" methods support optionally checking for (and rejecting) duplicateobject keys; pass "" to do so (duplicates areallowed by default).""This is an early release. It has been reasonably well-tested, but it is"". It can be 1000-6000x slower than the C-optimized JSON module,and is 200x slower (or more) than the pure Python JSON module.""To run the tests, setup a venv and install the required dependencies with"", then run the tests with ".descriptionA Python implementation of the JSON5 data format." extends the"" data interchange format to make itslightly more usable as a configuration language:""There are a few other more minor extensions to JSON; see the above page forthe full details.""This project implements a reader and writer implementation for Python;where possible, it mirrors the""package for ease of use."There is one notable difference from the JSON api: the " and"" methods support optionally checking for (and rejecting) duplicateobject keys; pass "" to do so (duplicates areallowed by default).""This is an early release. It has been reasonably well-tested, but it is"". It can be 1000-6000x slower than the C-optimized JSON module,and is 200x slower (or more) than the pure Python JSON module.""To run the tests, setup a venv and install the required dependencies with"", then run the tests with ".