description" knows what languages are. It knows the standardized codes thatrefer to them, such as "" for English, " for Spanish and  for Hindi.These are ". You may know them by their old name, ISO 639language codes. IETF has done some important things for backward compatibilityand supporting language variations that you won't find in the ISO standard.""It may sound to you like langcodes solves a pretty boring problem. At onelevel, that's right. Sometimes you have a boring problem, and it's great when alibrary solves it for you.""But there's an interesting problem hiding in here. How do you work withlanguage codes? How do you know when two different codes represent the samething? How should your code represent relationships between codes, like thefollowing?""One way to know is to read IETF standards and Unicode technical reports.Another way is to use a library that implements those standards and guidelinesfor you, which langcodes does.""When you're working with these short language codes, you may want to see thename that the language is called " a language: " is called ""French"" inEnglish. That language doesn't have to be English: "" is called ""français"" inFrench. A supplement to langcodes, "", providesthis information.""langcodes is maintained by Elia Robyn Lake a.k.a. Robyn Speer, and is releasedas free software under the MIT license.""Although this is not the only reason to use it, langcodes will make you moreacronym-compliant."langcodes implements ", the IETF BestCurrent Practices on Tags for Identifying Languages. BCP 47 is also known asRFC 5646. It subsumes ISO 639 and is backward compatible with it, and it alsoimplements recommendations from the "."langcodes can also refer to a database of language properties and names, builtfrom Unicode CLDR and the IANA subtag registry, if you install "."In summary, langcodes takes language codes and does the Right Thing with them,and if you want to know exactly what the Right Thing is, there are somedocuments you can go read.""This function standardizes tags, as strings, in several ways.""It replaces overlong tags with their shortest version, and also formats themaccording to the conventions of BCP 47:"It removes script subtags that are redundant with the language:"It replaces deprecated values with their correct versions, if possible:""Sometimes this involves complex substitutions, such as replacing Serbo-Croatian(") with Serbian in Latin script ("), or the entire tag ""with " (American Sign Language).If " is True, it uses macrolanguage codes as a replacement for the mostcommon standardized language within that macrolanguage."Even when " is False, it shortens tags that contain both themacrolanguage and the language:""If the tag can't be parsed according to BCP 47, this will raise aLanguageTagError (a subclass of ValueError):""This package defines one class, named Language, which contains the resultsof parsing a language tag. Language objects have the following fields,any of which may be unspecified:"The " method converts a string to a Language instance, and the"" method makes a Language instance from its fields.  These valuesare cached so that calling " or " again with thesame values returns the same object, for efficiency.""By default, it will replace non-standard and overlong tags as it interpretsthem. To disable this feature and get the codes that literally appear in thelanguage tag, use the " option.Here are some examples of replacing non-standard tags:Use the " function on a Language object to convert it back to itsstandard string form:"A language code is " when every part of it is assigned a meaning by IANA.That meaning could be ""private use"".""In langcodes, we check the language subtag, script, territory, and variants forvalidity. We don't check other parts such as extlangs or Unicode extensions.""For example, "" is a valid language code, and " is not:The top-level function " is possibly more convenient to use,because it can return False even for tags that don't parse:""If one subtag is invalid, the entire code is invalid:"" is valid, though it's a deprecated alias for ":The empty language tag () is valid:Private use codes are valid:Language tags that are very unlikely are still valid:"Tags with non-ASCII characters are invalid, because they don't parse:""Before there was BCP 47, there was ISO 639-2. The ISO tried to make room for thevariety of human languages by assigning every language a 3-letter code,including the ones that already had 2-letter codes.""Unfortunately, this just led to more confusion. Some languages ended up with twodifferent 3-letter codes for legacy reasons, such as French, which is "" as a""terminology"" code, and "" as a ""biblographic"" code. And meanwhile, "" wasstill a code that you'd be using if you followed ISO 639-1.""In BCP 47, you should use 2-letter codes whenever they're available, and that'swhat langcodes does. Fortunately, all the languages that have two different3-letter codes also have a 2-letter code, so if you prefer the 2-letter code,you don't have to worry about the distinction.""But some applications want the 3-letter code in particular, so langcodesprovides a method for getting those, "". It returns the'terminology' code by default, and passing "" returns thebibliographic code.""When this method returns, it always returns a 3-letter string.""For many languages, the terminology and bibliographic alpha3 codes are the same.""When you use any of these ""overlong"" alpha3 codes in langcodes, they normalizeback to the alpha2 code:"The methods in this section require an optional package called ".You can install it with "", or request the optional""data"" feature of langcodes with ".The dependency that you put in setup.py should be ."It's often helpful to be able to describe a language code in a way that a user(or you) can understand, instead of in inscrutable short codes. The" method lets you describe a Language object .The " method will look up the name of thelanguage. The names come from the IANA language tag registry, which is only inEnglish, plus CLDR, which names languages in many commonly-used languages."The default language for naming things is English:But you can ask for language names in numerous other languages:Why does everyone get Slovak and Slovenian confused? Let's ask them."If the language has a script or territory code attached to it, these will bedescribed in parentheses:""Sometimes these can be the result of tag normalization, such as in this casewhere the legacy tag 'sh' becomes 'sr-Latn':""Naming a language in itself is sometimes a useful thing to do, so the"" method makes this easy, providing the display name of a languagein the language itself:""The names come from the Unicode CLDR data files, and in English they canalso come from the IANA language subtag registry. Together, they can giveyou language names in the 196 languages that CLDR supports."You can get the parts of the name separately with the methods ","", and "", or get a dictionary of all the partsthat are present using the "" method. These methods also accept alanguage code for what language they should be described in.""As the reverse of the above operations, you may want to look up a language byits name, converting a natural language name such as ""French"" to a code such as'fr'.""The name can be in any language that CLDR supports (see ""Ambiguity"" below).""However, this method currently ignores the parenthetical expressions that come from":"There is still room to improve the way that language names are matched, becausesome languages are not consistently named the same way. The method currentlyworks with hundreds of language names that are used on Wiktionary.""For the sake of usability, "" doesn't require you to specify whatlanguage you're looking up a language in by name. This could potentially lead toa conflict: what if name ""X"" is language A's name for language B, and language C'sname for language D?""We can collect the language codes from CLDR and see how many times thishappens. In the majority of cases like that, B and D are codes whose names arealso overlapping in the "" language and can be resolved by some generalprinciple.""For example, no matter whether you decide ""Tagalog"" refers to the language code" or the largely overlapping code ", that distinction doesn't depend onthe language you're saying ""Tagalog"" in. We can just return " consistently."In the few cases of actual interlingual ambiguity, langcodes won't match a result.You can pass in a " parameter to say what language the name is in."For example, there are two distinct languages called ""Tonga"" in various languages.They are "", the language of Tonga which is called ""Tongan"" in English; and "",a language of Malawi that can be called ""Nyasa Tonga"" in English.""Other ambiguous names written in Latin letters are ""Kiga"", ""Mbundu"", ""Roman"", and ""Ruanda""."The  and "methods get Unicode's estimates of how many people in the world use alanguage.""As with the language name data, this requires the optional ""package to be installed."" estimates how many people speak a language. It canbe limited to a particular territory with a territory code (such as a countrycode).""Script codes will be ignored, because the script is not involved in speaking:" estimates how many people write a language."The estimates for ""writing population"" are often overestimates, as describedin the "". In most cases,they are derived from published data about literacy rates in the places wherethose languages are spoken. This doesn't take into account that many literatepeople around the world speak a language that isn't typically written, andwrite in a " language.Like ", this can be limited to a particular territory:"The " function returns a number from 0 to 134 indicating thedistance between the language the user desires and a supported language.""The distance data comes from CLDR v38.1 and involves a lot of judgment callsmade by the Unicode consortium."This table summarizes the language distance values:See the docstring of  for more explanation and examples.Suppose you have software that supports any of the ". Theuser wants to use ".The function "lets you choose the right language, even if there isn't an exact match.It returns the language tag of the best-supported language, even if thereisn't an exact match."The " parameter lets you set a cutoff on what counts as languagesupport. It has a default of 25, a value that is probably okay for simplecases of i18n, but you might want to set it lower to require more precision."A similar function is ",which returns both the best matching language tag and the distance. If there isno match, it returns ('und', 1000).""There are many more methods for manipulating and comparing language codes,and you will find them documented thoroughly in "."The interesting functions all live in this one file, with extensive docstringsand annotations. Making a separate Sphinx page out of the docstrings would bethe traditional thing to do, but here it just seems redundant. You can go readthe docstrings in context, in their native habitat, and they'll always be up todate.""To install the package in editable mode before PEP 660 is better supported, use" instead of ."Version 2.0 involves some significant changes that may break compatibility with 1.4,in addition to updating to version 36.1 of the Unicode CLDR data and the April 2020version of the IANA subtag registry."This version requires Python 3.5 or later."Originally, the goodness of a match between two different language codes was definedin terms of a ""match score"" with a maximum of 100. Around 2016, Unicode startedreplacing this with a different measure, the ""match distance"", which was definedmuch more clearly, but we had to keep using the ""match score"".""As of langcodes version 2.0, the ""score"" functions (such as"", "", and "") are deprecated.They'll keep using the deprecated language match tables from around CLDR 27.""For a better measure of the closeness of two language codes, use "","", and "."We were always out of step with CLDR here. Following the example of the IANAdatabase, we referred to things like the 'US' in 'en-US' as a ""region code"",but the Unicode standards consistently call it a ""territory code"".""In langcodes 2.0, parameters, dictionary keys, and attributes named ""have been renamed to "".  We try to support a few common cases withdeprecation warnings, such as looking up the "" property of a Languageobject.""A nice benefit of this is that when a dictionary is displayed with 'language','script', and 'territory' keys in alphabetical order, they are in the sameorder as they are in a language code."description" knows what languages are. It knows the standardized codes thatrefer to them, such as "" for English, " for Spanish and  for Hindi.These are ". You may know them by their old name, ISO 639language codes. IETF has done some important things for backward compatibilityand supporting language variations that you won't find in the ISO standard.""It may sound to you like langcodes solves a pretty boring problem. At onelevel, that's right. Sometimes you have a boring problem, and it's great when alibrary solves it for you.""But there's an interesting problem hiding in here. How do you work withlanguage codes? How do you know when two different codes represent the samething? How should your code represent relationships between codes, like thefollowing?""One way to know is to read IETF standards and Unicode technical reports.Another way is to use a library that implements those standards and guidelinesfor you, which langcodes does.""When you're working with these short language codes, you may want to see thename that the language is called " a language: " is called ""French"" inEnglish. That language doesn't have to be English: "" is called ""français"" inFrench. A supplement to langcodes, "", providesthis information.""langcodes is maintained by Elia Robyn Lake a.k.a. Robyn Speer, and is releasedas free software under the MIT license.""Although this is not the only reason to use it, langcodes will make you moreacronym-compliant."langcodes implements ", the IETF BestCurrent Practices on Tags for Identifying Languages. BCP 47 is also known asRFC 5646. It subsumes ISO 639 and is backward compatible with it, and it alsoimplements recommendations from the "."langcodes can also refer to a database of language properties and names, builtfrom Unicode CLDR and the IANA subtag registry, if you install "."In summary, langcodes takes language codes and does the Right Thing with them,and if you want to know exactly what the Right Thing is, there are somedocuments you can go read.""This function standardizes tags, as strings, in several ways.""It replaces overlong tags with their shortest version, and also formats themaccording to the conventions of BCP 47:"It removes script subtags that are redundant with the language:"It replaces deprecated values with their correct versions, if possible:""Sometimes this involves complex substitutions, such as replacing Serbo-Croatian(") with Serbian in Latin script ("), or the entire tag ""with " (American Sign Language).If " is True, it uses macrolanguage codes as a replacement for the mostcommon standardized language within that macrolanguage."Even when " is False, it shortens tags that contain both themacrolanguage and the language:""If the tag can't be parsed according to BCP 47, this will raise aLanguageTagError (a subclass of ValueError):""This package defines one class, named Language, which contains the resultsof parsing a language tag. Language objects have the following fields,any of which may be unspecified:"The " method converts a string to a Language instance, and the"" method makes a Language instance from its fields.  These valuesare cached so that calling " or " again with thesame values returns the same object, for efficiency.""By default, it will replace non-standard and overlong tags as it interpretsthem. To disable this feature and get the codes that literally appear in thelanguage tag, use the " option.Here are some examples of replacing non-standard tags:Use the " function on a Language object to convert it back to itsstandard string form:"A language code is " when every part of it is assigned a meaning by IANA.That meaning could be ""private use"".""In langcodes, we check the language subtag, script, territory, and variants forvalidity. We don't check other parts such as extlangs or Unicode extensions.""For example, "" is a valid language code, and " is not:The top-level function " is possibly more convenient to use,because it can return False even for tags that don't parse:""If one subtag is invalid, the entire code is invalid:"" is valid, though it's a deprecated alias for ":The empty language tag () is valid:Private use codes are valid:Language tags that are very unlikely are still valid:"Tags with non-ASCII characters are invalid, because they don't parse:""Before there was BCP 47, there was ISO 639-2. The ISO tried to make room for thevariety of human languages by assigning every language a 3-letter code,including the ones that already had 2-letter codes.""Unfortunately, this just led to more confusion. Some languages ended up with twodifferent 3-letter codes for legacy reasons, such as French, which is "" as a""terminology"" code, and "" as a ""biblographic"" code. And meanwhile, "" wasstill a code that you'd be using if you followed ISO 639-1.""In BCP 47, you should use 2-letter codes whenever they're available, and that'swhat langcodes does. Fortunately, all the languages that have two different3-letter codes also have a 2-letter code, so if you prefer the 2-letter code,you don't have to worry about the distinction.""But some applications want the 3-letter code in particular, so langcodesprovides a method for getting those, "". It returns the'terminology' code by default, and passing "" returns thebibliographic code.""When this method returns, it always returns a 3-letter string.""For many languages, the terminology and bibliographic alpha3 codes are the same.""When you use any of these ""overlong"" alpha3 codes in langcodes, they normalizeback to the alpha2 code:"The methods in this section require an optional package called ".You can install it with "", or request the optional""data"" feature of langcodes with ".The dependency that you put in setup.py should be ."It's often helpful to be able to describe a language code in a way that a user(or you) can understand, instead of in inscrutable short codes. The" method lets you describe a Language object .The " method will look up the name of thelanguage. The names come from the IANA language tag registry, which is only inEnglish, plus CLDR, which names languages in many commonly-used languages."The default language for naming things is English:But you can ask for language names in numerous other languages:Why does everyone get Slovak and Slovenian confused? Let's ask them."If the language has a script or territory code attached to it, these will bedescribed in parentheses:""Sometimes these can be the result of tag normalization, such as in this casewhere the legacy tag 'sh' becomes 'sr-Latn':""Naming a language in itself is sometimes a useful thing to do, so the"" method makes this easy, providing the display name of a languagein the language itself:""The names come from the Unicode CLDR data files, and in English they canalso come from the IANA language subtag registry. Together, they can giveyou language names in the 196 languages that CLDR supports."You can get the parts of the name separately with the methods ","", and "", or get a dictionary of all the partsthat are present using the "" method. These methods also accept alanguage code for what language they should be described in.""As the reverse of the above operations, you may want to look up a language byits name, converting a natural language name such as ""French"" to a code such as'fr'.""The name can be in any language that CLDR supports (see ""Ambiguity"" below).""However, this method currently ignores the parenthetical expressions that come from":"There is still room to improve the way that language names are matched, becausesome languages are not consistently named the same way. The method currentlyworks with hundreds of language names that are used on Wiktionary.""For the sake of usability, "" doesn't require you to specify whatlanguage you're looking up a language in by name. This could potentially lead toa conflict: what if name ""X"" is language A's name for language B, and language C'sname for language D?""We can collect the language codes from CLDR and see how many times thishappens. In the majority of cases like that, B and D are codes whose names arealso overlapping in the "" language and can be resolved by some generalprinciple.""For example, no matter whether you decide ""Tagalog"" refers to the language code" or the largely overlapping code ", that distinction doesn't depend onthe language you're saying ""Tagalog"" in. We can just return " consistently."In the few cases of actual interlingual ambiguity, langcodes won't match a result.You can pass in a " parameter to say what language the name is in."For example, there are two distinct languages called ""Tonga"" in various languages.They are "", the language of Tonga which is called ""Tongan"" in English; and "",a language of Malawi that can be called ""Nyasa Tonga"" in English.""Other ambiguous names written in Latin letters are ""Kiga"", ""Mbundu"", ""Roman"", and ""Ruanda""."The  and "methods get Unicode's estimates of how many people in the world use alanguage.""As with the language name data, this requires the optional ""package to be installed."" estimates how many people speak a language. It canbe limited to a particular territory with a territory code (such as a countrycode).""Script codes will be ignored, because the script is not involved in speaking:" estimates how many people write a language."The estimates for ""writing population"" are often overestimates, as describedin the "". In most cases,they are derived from published data about literacy rates in the places wherethose languages are spoken. This doesn't take into account that many literatepeople around the world speak a language that isn't typically written, andwrite in a " language.Like ", this can be limited to a particular territory:"The " function returns a number from 0 to 134 indicating thedistance between the language the user desires and a supported language.""The distance data comes from CLDR v38.1 and involves a lot of judgment callsmade by the Unicode consortium."This table summarizes the language distance values:See the docstring of  for more explanation and examples.Suppose you have software that supports any of the ". Theuser wants to use ".The function "lets you choose the right language, even if there isn't an exact match.It returns the language tag of the best-supported language, even if thereisn't an exact match."The " parameter lets you set a cutoff on what counts as languagesupport. It has a default of 25, a value that is probably okay for simplecases of i18n, but you might want to set it lower to require more precision."A similar function is ",which returns both the best matching language tag and the distance. If there isno match, it returns ('und', 1000).""There are many more methods for manipulating and comparing language codes,and you will find them documented thoroughly in "."The interesting functions all live in this one file, with extensive docstringsand annotations. Making a separate Sphinx page out of the docstrings would bethe traditional thing to do, but here it just seems redundant. You can go readthe docstrings in context, in their native habitat, and they'll always be up todate.""To install the package in editable mode before PEP 660 is better supported, use" instead of ."Version 2.0 involves some significant changes that may break compatibility with 1.4,in addition to updating to version 36.1 of the Unicode CLDR data and the April 2020version of the IANA subtag registry."This version requires Python 3.5 or later."Originally, the goodness of a match between two different language codes was definedin terms of a ""match score"" with a maximum of 100. Around 2016, Unicode startedreplacing this with a different measure, the ""match distance"", which was definedmuch more clearly, but we had to keep using the ""match score"".""As of langcodes version 2.0, the ""score"" functions (such as"", "", and "") are deprecated.They'll keep using the deprecated language match tables from around CLDR 27.""For a better measure of the closeness of two language codes, use "","", and "."We were always out of step with CLDR here. Following the example of the IANAdatabase, we referred to things like the 'US' in 'en-US' as a ""region code"",but the Unicode standards consistently call it a ""territory code"".""In langcodes 2.0, parameters, dictionary keys, and attributes named ""have been renamed to "".  We try to support a few common cases withdeprecation warnings, such as looking up the "" property of a Languageobject.""A nice benefit of this is that when a dictionary is displayed with 'language','script', and 'territory' keys in alphabetical order, they are in the sameorder as they are in a language code."description" knows what languages are. It knows the standardized codes thatrefer to them, such as "" for English, " for Spanish and  for Hindi.These are ". You may know them by their old name, ISO 639language codes. IETF has done some important things for backward compatibilityand supporting language variations that you won't find in the ISO standard.""It may sound to you like langcodes solves a pretty boring problem. At onelevel, that's right. Sometimes you have a boring problem, and it's great when alibrary solves it for you.""But there's an interesting problem hiding in here. How do you work withlanguage codes? How do you know when two different codes represent the samething? How should your code represent relationships between codes, like thefollowing?""One way to know is to read IETF standards and Unicode technical reports.Another way is to use a library that implements those standards and guidelinesfor you, which langcodes does.""When you're working with these short language codes, you may want to see thename that the language is called " a language: " is called ""French"" inEnglish. That language doesn't have to be English: "" is called ""français"" inFrench. A supplement to langcodes, "", providesthis information.""langcodes is maintained by Elia Robyn Lake a.k.a. Robyn Speer, and is releasedas free software under the MIT license.""Although this is not the only reason to use it, langcodes will make you moreacronym-compliant."langcodes implements ", the IETF BestCurrent Practices on Tags for Identifying Languages. BCP 47 is also known asRFC 5646. It subsumes ISO 639 and is backward compatible with it, and it alsoimplements recommendations from the "."langcodes can also refer to a database of language properties and names, builtfrom Unicode CLDR and the IANA subtag registry, if you install "."In summary, langcodes takes language codes and does the Right Thing with them,and if you want to know exactly what the Right Thing is, there are somedocuments you can go read.""This function standardizes tags, as strings, in several ways.""It replaces overlong tags with their shortest version, and also formats themaccording to the conventions of BCP 47:"It removes script subtags that are redundant with the language:"It replaces deprecated values with their correct versions, if possible:""Sometimes this involves complex substitutions, such as replacing Serbo-Croatian(") with Serbian in Latin script ("), or the entire tag ""with " (American Sign Language).If " is True, it uses macrolanguage codes as a replacement for the mostcommon standardized language within that macrolanguage."Even when " is False, it shortens tags that contain both themacrolanguage and the language:""If the tag can't be parsed according to BCP 47, this will raise aLanguageTagError (a subclass of ValueError):""This package defines one class, named Language, which contains the resultsof parsing a language tag. Language objects have the following fields,any of which may be unspecified:"The " method converts a string to a Language instance, and the"" method makes a Language instance from its fields.  These valuesare cached so that calling " or " again with thesame values returns the same object, for efficiency.""By default, it will replace non-standard and overlong tags as it interpretsthem. To disable this feature and get the codes that literally appear in thelanguage tag, use the " option.Here are some examples of replacing non-standard tags:Use the " function on a Language object to convert it back to itsstandard string form:"A language code is " when every part of it is assigned a meaning by IANA.That meaning could be ""private use"".""In langcodes, we check the language subtag, script, territory, and variants forvalidity. We don't check other parts such as extlangs or Unicode extensions.""For example, "" is a valid language code, and " is not:The top-level function " is possibly more convenient to use,because it can return False even for tags that don't parse:""If one subtag is invalid, the entire code is invalid:"" is valid, though it's a deprecated alias for ":The empty language tag () is valid:Private use codes are valid:Language tags that are very unlikely are still valid:"Tags with non-ASCII characters are invalid, because they don't parse:""Before there was BCP 47, there was ISO 639-2. The ISO tried to make room for thevariety of human languages by assigning every language a 3-letter code,including the ones that already had 2-letter codes.""Unfortunately, this just led to more confusion. Some languages ended up with twodifferent 3-letter codes for legacy reasons, such as French, which is "" as a""terminology"" code, and "" as a ""biblographic"" code. And meanwhile, "" wasstill a code that you'd be using if you followed ISO 639-1.""In BCP 47, you should use 2-letter codes whenever they're available, and that'swhat langcodes does. Fortunately, all the languages that have two different3-letter codes also have a 2-letter code, so if you prefer the 2-letter code,you don't have to worry about the distinction.""But some applications want the 3-letter code in particular, so langcodesprovides a method for getting those, "". It returns the'terminology' code by default, and passing "" returns thebibliographic code.""When this method returns, it always returns a 3-letter string.""For many languages, the terminology and bibliographic alpha3 codes are the same.""When you use any of these ""overlong"" alpha3 codes in langcodes, they normalizeback to the alpha2 code:"The methods in this section require an optional package called ".You can install it with "", or request the optional""data"" feature of langcodes with ".The dependency that you put in setup.py should be ."It's often helpful to be able to describe a language code in a way that a user(or you) can understand, instead of in inscrutable short codes. The" method lets you describe a Language object .The " method will look up the name of thelanguage. The names come from the IANA language tag registry, which is only inEnglish, plus CLDR, which names languages in many commonly-used languages."The default language for naming things is English:But you can ask for language names in numerous other languages:Why does everyone get Slovak and Slovenian confused? Let's ask them."If the language has a script or territory code attached to it, these will bedescribed in parentheses:""Sometimes these can be the result of tag normalization, such as in this casewhere the legacy tag 'sh' becomes 'sr-Latn':""Naming a language in itself is sometimes a useful thing to do, so the"" method makes this easy, providing the display name of a languagein the language itself:""The names come from the Unicode CLDR data files, and in English they canalso come from the IANA language subtag registry. Together, they can giveyou language names in the 196 languages that CLDR supports."You can get the parts of the name separately with the methods ","", and "", or get a dictionary of all the partsthat are present using the "" method. These methods also accept alanguage code for what language they should be described in.""As the reverse of the above operations, you may want to look up a language byits name, converting a natural language name such as ""French"" to a code such as'fr'.""The name can be in any language that CLDR supports (see ""Ambiguity"" below).""However, this method currently ignores the parenthetical expressions that come from":"There is still room to improve the way that language names are matched, becausesome languages are not consistently named the same way. The method currentlyworks with hundreds of language names that are used on Wiktionary.""For the sake of usability, "" doesn't require you to specify whatlanguage you're looking up a language in by name. This could potentially lead toa conflict: what if name ""X"" is language A's name for language B, and language C'sname for language D?""We can collect the language codes from CLDR and see how many times thishappens. In the majority of cases like that, B and D are codes whose names arealso overlapping in the "" language and can be resolved by some generalprinciple.""For example, no matter whether you decide ""Tagalog"" refers to the language code" or the largely overlapping code ", that distinction doesn't depend onthe language you're saying ""Tagalog"" in. We can just return " consistently."In the few cases of actual interlingual ambiguity, langcodes won't match a result.You can pass in a " parameter to say what language the name is in."For example, there are two distinct languages called ""Tonga"" in various languages.They are "", the language of Tonga which is called ""Tongan"" in English; and "",a language of Malawi that can be called ""Nyasa Tonga"" in English.""Other ambiguous names written in Latin letters are ""Kiga"", ""Mbundu"", ""Roman"", and ""Ruanda""."The  and "methods get Unicode's estimates of how many people in the world use alanguage.""As with the language name data, this requires the optional ""package to be installed."" estimates how many people speak a language. It canbe limited to a particular territory with a territory code (such as a countrycode).""Script codes will be ignored, because the script is not involved in speaking:" estimates how many people write a language."The estimates for ""writing population"" are often overestimates, as describedin the "". In most cases,they are derived from published data about literacy rates in the places wherethose languages are spoken. This doesn't take into account that many literatepeople around the world speak a language that isn't typically written, andwrite in a " language.Like ", this can be limited to a particular territory:"The " function returns a number from 0 to 134 indicating thedistance between the language the user desires and a supported language.""The distance data comes from CLDR v38.1 and involves a lot of judgment callsmade by the Unicode consortium."This table summarizes the language distance values:See the docstring of  for more explanation and examples.Suppose you have software that supports any of the ". Theuser wants to use ".The function "lets you choose the right language, even if there isn't an exact match.It returns the language tag of the best-supported language, even if thereisn't an exact match."The " parameter lets you set a cutoff on what counts as languagesupport. It has a default of 25, a value that is probably okay for simplecases of i18n, but you might want to set it lower to require more precision."A similar function is ",which returns both the best matching language tag and the distance. If there isno match, it returns ('und', 1000).""There are many more methods for manipulating and comparing language codes,and you will find them documented thoroughly in "."The interesting functions all live in this one file, with extensive docstringsand annotations. Making a separate Sphinx page out of the docstrings would bethe traditional thing to do, but here it just seems redundant. You can go readthe docstrings in context, in their native habitat, and they'll always be up todate.""To install the package in editable mode before PEP 660 is better supported, use" instead of ."Version 2.0 involves some significant changes that may break compatibility with 1.4,in addition to updating to version 36.1 of the Unicode CLDR data and the April 2020version of the IANA subtag registry."This version requires Python 3.5 or later."Originally, the goodness of a match between two different language codes was definedin terms of a ""match score"" with a maximum of 100. Around 2016, Unicode startedreplacing this with a different measure, the ""match distance"", which was definedmuch more clearly, but we had to keep using the ""match score"".""As of langcodes version 2.0, the ""score"" functions (such as"", "", and "") are deprecated.They'll keep using the deprecated language match tables from around CLDR 27.""For a better measure of the closeness of two language codes, use "","", and "."We were always out of step with CLDR here. Following the example of the IANAdatabase, we referred to things like the 'US' in 'en-US' as a ""region code"",but the Unicode standards consistently call it a ""territory code"".""In langcodes 2.0, parameters, dictionary keys, and attributes named ""have been renamed to "".  We try to support a few common cases withdeprecation warnings, such as looking up the "" property of a Languageobject.""A nice benefit of this is that when a dictionary is displayed with 'language','script', and 'territory' keys in alphabetical order, they are in the sameorder as they are in a language code."description" knows what languages are. It knows the standardized codes thatrefer to them, such as "" for English, " for Spanish and  for Hindi.These are ". You may know them by their old name, ISO 639language codes. IETF has done some important things for backward compatibilityand supporting language variations that you won't find in the ISO standard.""It may sound to you like langcodes solves a pretty boring problem. At onelevel, that's right. Sometimes you have a boring problem, and it's great when alibrary solves it for you.""But there's an interesting problem hiding in here. How do you work withlanguage codes? How do you know when two different codes represent the samething? How should your code represent relationships between codes, like thefollowing?""One way to know is to read IETF standards and Unicode technical reports.Another way is to use a library that implements those standards and guidelinesfor you, which langcodes does.""When you're working with these short language codes, you may want to see thename that the language is called " a language: " is called ""French"" inEnglish. That language doesn't have to be English: "" is called ""français"" inFrench. A supplement to langcodes, "", providesthis information.""langcodes is maintained by Elia Robyn Lake a.k.a. Robyn Speer, and is releasedas free software under the MIT license.""Although this is not the only reason to use it, langcodes will make you moreacronym-compliant."langcodes implements ", the IETF BestCurrent Practices on Tags for Identifying Languages. BCP 47 is also known asRFC 5646. It subsumes ISO 639 and is backward compatible with it, and it alsoimplements recommendations from the "."langcodes can also refer to a database of language properties and names, builtfrom Unicode CLDR and the IANA subtag registry, if you install "."In summary, langcodes takes language codes and does the Right Thing with them,and if you want to know exactly what the Right Thing is, there are somedocuments you can go read.""This function standardizes tags, as strings, in several ways.""It replaces overlong tags with their shortest version, and also formats themaccording to the conventions of BCP 47:"It removes script subtags that are redundant with the language:"It replaces deprecated values with their correct versions, if possible:""Sometimes this involves complex substitutions, such as replacing Serbo-Croatian(") with Serbian in Latin script ("), or the entire tag ""with " (American Sign Language).If " is True, it uses macrolanguage codes as a replacement for the mostcommon standardized language within that macrolanguage."Even when " is False, it shortens tags that contain both themacrolanguage and the language:""If the tag can't be parsed according to BCP 47, this will raise aLanguageTagError (a subclass of ValueError):""This package defines one class, named Language, which contains the resultsof parsing a language tag. Language objects have the following fields,any of which may be unspecified:"The " method converts a string to a Language instance, and the"" method makes a Language instance from its fields.  These valuesare cached so that calling " or " again with thesame values returns the same object, for efficiency.""By default, it will replace non-standard and overlong tags as it interpretsthem. To disable this feature and get the codes that literally appear in thelanguage tag, use the " option.Here are some examples of replacing non-standard tags:Use the " function on a Language object to convert it back to itsstandard string form:"A language code is " when every part of it is assigned a meaning by IANA.That meaning could be ""private use"".""In langcodes, we check the language subtag, script, territory, and variants forvalidity. We don't check other parts such as extlangs or Unicode extensions.""For example, "" is a valid language code, and " is not:The top-level function " is possibly more convenient to use,because it can return False even for tags that don't parse:""If one subtag is invalid, the entire code is invalid:"" is valid, though it's a deprecated alias for ":The empty language tag () is valid:Private use codes are valid:Language tags that are very unlikely are still valid:"Tags with non-ASCII characters are invalid, because they don't parse:""Before there was BCP 47, there was ISO 639-2. The ISO tried to make room for thevariety of human languages by assigning every language a 3-letter code,including the ones that already had 2-letter codes.""Unfortunately, this just led to more confusion. Some languages ended up with twodifferent 3-letter codes for legacy reasons, such as French, which is "" as a""terminology"" code, and "" as a ""biblographic"" code. And meanwhile, "" wasstill a code that you'd be using if you followed ISO 639-1.""In BCP 47, you should use 2-letter codes whenever they're available, and that'swhat langcodes does. Fortunately, all the languages that have two different3-letter codes also have a 2-letter code, so if you prefer the 2-letter code,you don't have to worry about the distinction.""But some applications want the 3-letter code in particular, so langcodesprovides a method for getting those, "". It returns the'terminology' code by default, and passing "" returns thebibliographic code.""When this method returns, it always returns a 3-letter string.""For many languages, the terminology and bibliographic alpha3 codes are the same.""When you use any of these ""overlong"" alpha3 codes in langcodes, they normalizeback to the alpha2 code:"The methods in this section require an optional package called ".You can install it with "", or request the optional""data"" feature of langcodes with ".The dependency that you put in setup.py should be ."It's often helpful to be able to describe a language code in a way that a user(or you) can understand, instead of in inscrutable short codes. The" method lets you describe a Language object .The " method will look up the name of thelanguage. The names come from the IANA language tag registry, which is only inEnglish, plus CLDR, which names languages in many commonly-used languages."The default language for naming things is English:But you can ask for language names in numerous other languages:Why does everyone get Slovak and Slovenian confused? Let's ask them."If the language has a script or territory code attached to it, these will bedescribed in parentheses:""Sometimes these can be the result of tag normalization, such as in this casewhere the legacy tag 'sh' becomes 'sr-Latn':""Naming a language in itself is sometimes a useful thing to do, so the"" method makes this easy, providing the display name of a languagein the language itself:""The names come from the Unicode CLDR data files, and in English they canalso come from the IANA language subtag registry. Together, they can giveyou language names in the 196 languages that CLDR supports."You can get the parts of the name separately with the methods ","", and "", or get a dictionary of all the partsthat are present using the "" method. These methods also accept alanguage code for what language they should be described in.""As the reverse of the above operations, you may want to look up a language byits name, converting a natural language name such as ""French"" to a code such as'fr'.""The name can be in any language that CLDR supports (see ""Ambiguity"" below).""However, this method currently ignores the parenthetical expressions that come from":"There is still room to improve the way that language names are matched, becausesome languages are not consistently named the same way. The method currentlyworks with hundreds of language names that are used on Wiktionary.""For the sake of usability, "" doesn't require you to specify whatlanguage you're looking up a language in by name. This could potentially lead toa conflict: what if name ""X"" is language A's name for language B, and language C'sname for language D?""We can collect the language codes from CLDR and see how many times thishappens. In the majority of cases like that, B and D are codes whose names arealso overlapping in the "" language and can be resolved by some generalprinciple.""For example, no matter whether you decide ""Tagalog"" refers to the language code" or the largely overlapping code ", that distinction doesn't depend onthe language you're saying ""Tagalog"" in. We can just return " consistently."In the few cases of actual interlingual ambiguity, langcodes won't match a result.You can pass in a " parameter to say what language the name is in."For example, there are two distinct languages called ""Tonga"" in various languages.They are "", the language of Tonga which is called ""Tongan"" in English; and "",a language of Malawi that can be called ""Nyasa Tonga"" in English.""Other ambiguous names written in Latin letters are ""Kiga"", ""Mbundu"", ""Roman"", and ""Ruanda""."The  and "methods get Unicode's estimates of how many people in the world use alanguage.""As with the language name data, this requires the optional ""package to be installed."" estimates how many people speak a language. It canbe limited to a particular territory with a territory code (such as a countrycode).""Script codes will be ignored, because the script is not involved in speaking:" estimates how many people write a language."The estimates for ""writing population"" are often overestimates, as describedin the "". In most cases,they are derived from published data about literacy rates in the places wherethose languages are spoken. This doesn't take into account that many literatepeople around the world speak a language that isn't typically written, andwrite in a " language.Like ", this can be limited to a particular territory:"The " function returns a number from 0 to 134 indicating thedistance between the language the user desires and a supported language.""The distance data comes from CLDR v38.1 and involves a lot of judgment callsmade by the Unicode consortium."This table summarizes the language distance values:See the docstring of  for more explanation and examples.Suppose you have software that supports any of the ". Theuser wants to use ".The function "lets you choose the right language, even if there isn't an exact match.It returns the language tag of the best-supported language, even if thereisn't an exact match."The " parameter lets you set a cutoff on what counts as languagesupport. It has a default of 25, a value that is probably okay for simplecases of i18n, but you might want to set it lower to require more precision."A similar function is ",which returns both the best matching language tag and the distance. If there isno match, it returns ('und', 1000).""There are many more methods for manipulating and comparing language codes,and you will find them documented thoroughly in "."The interesting functions all live in this one file, with extensive docstringsand annotations. Making a separate Sphinx page out of the docstrings would bethe traditional thing to do, but here it just seems redundant. You can go readthe docstrings in context, in their native habitat, and they'll always be up todate.""To install the package in editable mode before PEP 660 is better supported, use" instead of ."Version 2.0 involves some significant changes that may break compatibility with 1.4,in addition to updating to version 36.1 of the Unicode CLDR data and the April 2020version of the IANA subtag registry."This version requires Python 3.5 or later."Originally, the goodness of a match between two different language codes was definedin terms of a ""match score"" with a maximum of 100. Around 2016, Unicode startedreplacing this with a different measure, the ""match distance"", which was definedmuch more clearly, but we had to keep using the ""match score"".""As of langcodes version 2.0, the ""score"" functions (such as"", "", and "") are deprecated.They'll keep using the deprecated language match tables from around CLDR 27.""For a better measure of the closeness of two language codes, use "","", and "."We were always out of step with CLDR here. Following the example of the IANAdatabase, we referred to things like the 'US' in 'en-US' as a ""region code"",but the Unicode standards consistently call it a ""territory code"".""In langcodes 2.0, parameters, dictionary keys, and attributes named ""have been renamed to "".  We try to support a few common cases withdeprecation warnings, such as looking up the "" property of a Languageobject.""A nice benefit of this is that when a dictionary is displayed with 'language','script', and 'territory' keys in alphabetical order, they are in the sameorder as they are in a language code."