description is a library which aims to bring enjoyable logging in Python.Did you ever feel lazy about configuring a logger and used " instead?… I did, yet logging is fundamental to every application and eases the process of debugging. Using "" you have no excuse not to use logging from the start, this is as simple as "."Also, this library is intended to make Python logging less painful by adding a bunch of useful functionalities that solve caveats of the standard loggers. Using logs in your application should be an automatism, " tries to make it both pleasant and powerful.description is a library which aims to bring enjoyable logging in Python.Did you ever feel lazy about configuring a logger and used " instead?… I did, yet logging is fundamental to every application and eases the process of debugging. Using "" you have no excuse not to use logging from the start, this is as simple as "."Also, this library is intended to make Python logging less painful by adding a bunch of useful functionalities that solve caveats of the standard loggers. Using logs in your application should be an automatism, " tries to make it both pleasant and powerful.description is a library which aims to bring enjoyable logging in Python.Did you ever feel lazy about configuring a logger and used " instead?… I did, yet logging is fundamental to every application and eases the process of debugging. Using "" you have no excuse not to use logging from the start, this is as simple as "."Also, this library is intended to make Python logging less painful by adding a bunch of useful functionalities that solve caveats of the standard loggers. Using logs in your application should be an automatism, " tries to make it both pleasant and powerful.description is a library which aims to bring enjoyable logging in Python.Did you ever feel lazy about configuring a logger and used " instead?… I did, yet logging is fundamental to every application and eases the process of debugging. Using "" you have no excuse not to use logging from the start, this is as simple as "."Also, this library is intended to make Python logging less painful by adding a bunch of useful functionalities that solve caveats of the standard loggers. Using logs in your application should be an automatism, " tries to make it both pleasant and powerful.