description"lxml is a Pythonic, mature binding for the libxml2 and libxslt libraries.  Itprovides safe and convenient access to these libraries using the ElementTreeAPI.""It extends the ElementTree API significantly to offer support for XPath,RelaxNG, XML Schema, XSLT, C14N and much more.""To contact the project, go to the "" or see our bug tracker at""In case you want to use the current in-development version of lxml,you can get it from the github repository at"" .  Note that this requires Cython tobuild the sources, see the build instructions on the project homepage.  To the same end, running "" willinstall lxml from"" if you havean appropriate version of Cython installed.""After an official release of a new stable series, bug fixes may becomeavailable at"" .Running "" will installthe unreleased branch state from""as soon as a maintenance branch has been established.  Note that thisrequires Cython to be installed at an appropriate version for the build."description"lxml is a Pythonic, mature binding for the libxml2 and libxslt libraries.  Itprovides safe and convenient access to these libraries using the ElementTreeAPI.""It extends the ElementTree API significantly to offer support for XPath,RelaxNG, XML Schema, XSLT, C14N and much more.""To contact the project, go to the "" or see our bug tracker at""In case you want to use the current in-development version of lxml,you can get it from the github repository at"" .  Note that this requires Cython tobuild the sources, see the build instructions on the project homepage.  To the same end, running "" willinstall lxml from"" if you havean appropriate version of Cython installed.""After an official release of a new stable series, bug fixes may becomeavailable at"" .Running "" will installthe unreleased branch state from""as soon as a maintenance branch has been established.  Note that thisrequires Cython to be installed at an appropriate version for the build."description"lxml is a Pythonic, mature binding for the libxml2 and libxslt libraries.  Itprovides safe and convenient access to these libraries using the ElementTreeAPI.""It extends the ElementTree API significantly to offer support for XPath,RelaxNG, XML Schema, XSLT, C14N and much more.""To contact the project, go to the "" or see our bug tracker at""In case you want to use the current in-development version of lxml,you can get it from the github repository at"" .  Note that this requires Cython tobuild the sources, see the build instructions on the project homepage.  To the same end, running "" willinstall lxml from"" if you havean appropriate version of Cython installed.""After an official release of a new stable series, bug fixes may becomeavailable at"" .Running "" will installthe unreleased branch state from""as soon as a maintenance branch has been established.  Note that thisrequires Cython to be installed at an appropriate version for the build."description"lxml is a Pythonic, mature binding for the libxml2 and libxslt libraries.  Itprovides safe and convenient access to these libraries using the ElementTreeAPI.""It extends the ElementTree API significantly to offer support for XPath,RelaxNG, XML Schema, XSLT, C14N and much more.""To contact the project, go to the "" or see our bug tracker at""In case you want to use the current in-development version of lxml,you can get it from the github repository at"" .  Note that this requires Cython tobuild the sources, see the build instructions on the project homepage.  To the same end, running "" willinstall lxml from"" if you havean appropriate version of Cython installed.""After an official release of a new stable series, bug fixes may becomeavailable at"" .Running "" will installthe unreleased branch state from""as soon as a maintenance branch has been established.  Note that thisrequires Cython to be installed at an appropriate version for the build."