description"Pexpect is a pure Python module for spawning child applications; controllingthem; and responding to expected patterns in their output. Pexpect works likeDon Libes’ Expect. Pexpect allows your script to spawn a child application andcontrol it as if a human were typing commands.""Pexpect can be used for automating interactive applications such as ssh, ftp,passwd, telnet, etc. It can be used to a automate setup scripts for duplicatingsoftware package installations on different servers. It can be used forautomated software testing. Pexpect is in the spirit of Don Libes’ Expect, butPexpect is pure Python.""The main features of Pexpect require the pty module in the Python standardlibrary, which is only available on Unix-like systems. Some features—waitingfor patterns from file descriptors or subprocesses—are also available onWindows."description"Pexpect is a pure Python module for spawning child applications; controllingthem; and responding to expected patterns in their output. Pexpect works likeDon Libes’ Expect. Pexpect allows your script to spawn a child application andcontrol it as if a human were typing commands.""Pexpect can be used for automating interactive applications such as ssh, ftp,passwd, telnet, etc. It can be used to a automate setup scripts for duplicatingsoftware package installations on different servers. It can be used forautomated software testing. Pexpect is in the spirit of Don Libes’ Expect, butPexpect is pure Python.""The main features of Pexpect require the pty module in the Python standardlibrary, which is only available on Unix-like systems. Some features—waitingfor patterns from file descriptors or subprocesses—are also available onWindows."description"Pexpect is a pure Python module for spawning child applications; controllingthem; and responding to expected patterns in their output. Pexpect works likeDon Libes’ Expect. Pexpect allows your script to spawn a child application andcontrol it as if a human were typing commands.""Pexpect can be used for automating interactive applications such as ssh, ftp,passwd, telnet, etc. It can be used to a automate setup scripts for duplicatingsoftware package installations on different servers. It can be used forautomated software testing. Pexpect is in the spirit of Don Libes’ Expect, butPexpect is pure Python.""The main features of Pexpect require the pty module in the Python standardlibrary, which is only available on Unix-like systems. Some features—waitingfor patterns from file descriptors or subprocesses—are also available onWindows."description"Pexpect is a pure Python module for spawning child applications; controllingthem; and responding to expected patterns in their output. Pexpect works likeDon Libes’ Expect. Pexpect allows your script to spawn a child application andcontrol it as if a human were typing commands.""Pexpect can be used for automating interactive applications such as ssh, ftp,passwd, telnet, etc. It can be used to a automate setup scripts for duplicatingsoftware package installations on different servers. It can be used forautomated software testing. Pexpect is in the spirit of Don Libes’ Expect, butPexpect is pure Python.""The main features of Pexpect require the pty module in the Python standardlibrary, which is only available on Unix-like systems. Some features—waitingfor patterns from file descriptors or subprocesses—are also available onWindows."