descriptionpip is the  for Python. You can use pip to install packages from the  and other indexes.Please take a look at our documentation for how to install and use pip:"We release updates regularly, with a new version every 3 months. Find more details in our documentation:""In pip 20.3, we’ve "; ". We want your input, so " to help us do it right.": pip 21.0, in January 2021, removed Python 2 support, per pip’s ". Please migrate to Python 3."If you find bugs, need help, or want to talk to the developers, please use our mailing lists or chat rooms:""If you want to get involved head over to GitHub to get the source code, look at our development documentation and feel free to jump on the developer mailing lists and chat rooms:"descriptionpip is the  for Python. You can use pip to install packages from the  and other indexes.Please take a look at our documentation for how to install and use pip:"We release updates regularly, with a new version every 3 months. Find more details in our documentation:""In pip 20.3, we’ve "; ". We want your input, so " to help us do it right.": pip 21.0, in January 2021, removed Python 2 support, per pip’s ". Please migrate to Python 3."If you find bugs, need help, or want to talk to the developers, please use our mailing lists or chat rooms:""If you want to get involved head over to GitHub to get the source code, look at our development documentation and feel free to jump on the developer mailing lists and chat rooms:"descriptionpip is the  for Python. You can use pip to install packages from the  and other indexes.Please take a look at our documentation for how to install and use pip:"We release updates regularly, with a new version every 3 months. Find more details in our documentation:""In pip 20.3, we’ve "; ". We want your input, so " to help us do it right.": pip 21.0, in January 2021, removed Python 2 support, per pip’s ". Please migrate to Python 3."If you find bugs, need help, or want to talk to the developers, please use our mailing lists or chat rooms:""If you want to get involved head over to GitHub to get the source code, look at our development documentation and feel free to jump on the developer mailing lists and chat rooms:"descriptionpip is the  for Python. You can use pip to install packages from the  and other indexes.Please take a look at our documentation for how to install and use pip:"We release updates regularly, with a new version every 3 months. Find more details in our documentation:""In pip 20.3, we’ve "; ". We want your input, so " to help us do it right.": pip 21.0, in January 2021, removed Python 2 support, per pip’s ". Please migrate to Python 3."If you find bugs, need help, or want to talk to the developers, please use our mailing lists or chat rooms:""If you want to get involved head over to GitHub to get the source code, look at our development documentation and feel free to jump on the developer mailing lists and chat rooms:"