description"Priority is a pure-Python implementation of the priority logic for HTTP/2, setout in "". This logic allows for clientsto express a preference for how the server allocates its (limited) resources tothe many outstanding HTTP requests that may be running over a single HTTP/2connection.""Specifically, this Python implementation uses a variant of the implementationused in the excellent "" project. This original implementation is also theinspiration for "" priority implementation, and generally produces avery clean and even priority stream. The only notable changes from H2O’simplementation are small modifications to allow the priority implementation towork cleanly as a separate implementation, rather than being embedded in aHTTP/2 stack directly.""While priority information in HTTP/2 is only a suggestion, rather than anenforceable constraint, where possible servers should respect the priorityrequests of their clients."description"Priority is a pure-Python implementation of the priority logic for HTTP/2, setout in "". This logic allows for clientsto express a preference for how the server allocates its (limited) resources tothe many outstanding HTTP requests that may be running over a single HTTP/2connection.""Specifically, this Python implementation uses a variant of the implementationused in the excellent "" project. This original implementation is also theinspiration for "" priority implementation, and generally produces avery clean and even priority stream. The only notable changes from H2O’simplementation are small modifications to allow the priority implementation towork cleanly as a separate implementation, rather than being embedded in aHTTP/2 stack directly.""While priority information in HTTP/2 is only a suggestion, rather than anenforceable constraint, where possible servers should respect the priorityrequests of their clients."description"Priority is a pure-Python implementation of the priority logic for HTTP/2, setout in "". This logic allows for clientsto express a preference for how the server allocates its (limited) resources tothe many outstanding HTTP requests that may be running over a single HTTP/2connection.""Specifically, this Python implementation uses a variant of the implementationused in the excellent "" project. This original implementation is also theinspiration for "" priority implementation, and generally produces avery clean and even priority stream. The only notable changes from H2O’simplementation are small modifications to allow the priority implementation towork cleanly as a separate implementation, rather than being embedded in aHTTP/2 stack directly.""While priority information in HTTP/2 is only a suggestion, rather than anenforceable constraint, where possible servers should respect the priorityrequests of their clients."