descriptionPycairo is a Python module providing bindings for the . It depends on " and workswith "". Pycairo, including this documentation, is licensed underthe "."The Pycairo bindings are designed to match the cairo C API as closely aspossible, and to deviate only in cases which are clearly better implemented ina more ‘Pythonic’ way.""Installing Pycairo requires cairo including its headers. For more info see“"”.Features of the Pycairo bindings:"If Pycairo is not what you need, have a look at "", which is an API compatible packageusing " or ", which is using "" and provides a more“pythonic” API with less focus on matching the cairo C API."For more information visit descriptionPycairo is a Python module providing bindings for the . It depends on " and workswith "". Pycairo, including this documentation, is licensed underthe "."The Pycairo bindings are designed to match the cairo C API as closely aspossible, and to deviate only in cases which are clearly better implemented ina more ‘Pythonic’ way.""Installing Pycairo requires cairo including its headers. For more info see“"”.Features of the Pycairo bindings:"If Pycairo is not what you need, have a look at "", which is an API compatible packageusing " or ", which is using "" and provides a more“pythonic” API with less focus on matching the cairo C API."For more information visit descriptionPycairo is a Python module providing bindings for the . It depends on " and workswith "". Pycairo, including this documentation, is licensed underthe "."The Pycairo bindings are designed to match the cairo C API as closely aspossible, and to deviate only in cases which are clearly better implemented ina more ‘Pythonic’ way.""Installing Pycairo requires cairo including its headers. For more info see“"”.Features of the Pycairo bindings:"If Pycairo is not what you need, have a look at "", which is an API compatible packageusing " or ", which is using "" and provides a more“pythonic” API with less focus on matching the cairo C API."For more information visit descriptionPycairo is a Python module providing bindings for the . It depends on " and workswith "". Pycairo, including this documentation, is licensed underthe "."The Pycairo bindings are designed to match the cairo C API as closely aspossible, and to deviate only in cases which are clearly better implemented ina more ‘Pythonic’ way.""Installing Pycairo requires cairo including its headers. For more info see“"”.Features of the Pycairo bindings:"If Pycairo is not what you need, have a look at "", which is an API compatible packageusing " or ", which is using "" and provides a more“pythonic” API with less focus on matching the cairo C API."For more information visit 