description """""""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• "Rich is a Python library for  text and beautiful formatting in the terminal.The " makes it easy to add color and style to terminal output. Rich can also render pretty tables, progress bars, markdown, syntax highlighted source code, tracebacks, and more — out of the box."For a video introduction to Rich see  by .See what ."Rich works with Linux, OSX, and Windows. True color / emoji works with new Windows Terminal, classic terminal is limited to 16 colors. Rich requires Python 3.6.1 or later."Rich works with  with no additional configuration required.Install with  or your favorite PyPI package manager.Run the following to test Rich output on your terminal:"To effortlessly add rich output to your application, you can import the "" method, which has the same signature as the builtin Python function. Try this:""Rich can be installed in the Python REPL, so that any data structures will be pretty printed and highlighted.""For more control over rich terminal content, import and construct a " object.The Console object has a  method which has an intentionally similar interface to the builtin  function. Here's an example of use:"As you might expect, this will print " to the terminal. Note that unlike the builtin " function, Rich will word-wrap your text to fit within the terminal width."There are a few ways of adding color and style to your output. You can set a style for the entire output by adding a  keyword argument. Here's an example:The output will be something like the following:"That's fine for styling a line of text at a time. For more finely grained styling, Rich renders a special markup which is similar in syntax to ". Here's an example:You can use a Console object to generate sophisticated output with minimal effort. See the  docs for details.Rich has an " function which can produce a report on any Python object, such as class, instance, or builtin."See the  for details.Rich contains a number of builtin  you can use to create elegant output in your CLI and help you debug your code.Click the following headings for details:All Rich renderables make use of the ", which you can also use to implement your own Rich content."Available as part of the Tidelift Subscription."The maintainers of Rich and thousands of other packages are working with Tidelift to deliver commercial support and maintenance for the open source packages you use to build your applications. Save time, reduce risk, and improve code health, while paying the maintainers of the exact packages you use. "Here are a few projects using Rich:description """""""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• "Rich is a Python library for  text and beautiful formatting in the terminal.The " makes it easy to add color and style to terminal output. Rich can also render pretty tables, progress bars, markdown, syntax highlighted source code, tracebacks, and more — out of the box."For a video introduction to Rich see  by .See what ."Rich works with Linux, OSX, and Windows. True color / emoji works with new Windows Terminal, classic terminal is limited to 16 colors. Rich requires Python 3.6.1 or later."Rich works with  with no additional configuration required.Install with  or your favorite PyPI package manager.Run the following to test Rich output on your terminal:"To effortlessly add rich output to your application, you can import the "" method, which has the same signature as the builtin Python function. Try this:""Rich can be installed in the Python REPL, so that any data structures will be pretty printed and highlighted.""For more control over rich terminal content, import and construct a " object.The Console object has a  method which has an intentionally similar interface to the builtin  function. Here's an example of use:"As you might expect, this will print " to the terminal. Note that unlike the builtin " function, Rich will word-wrap your text to fit within the terminal width."There are a few ways of adding color and style to your output. You can set a style for the entire output by adding a  keyword argument. Here's an example:The output will be something like the following:"That's fine for styling a line of text at a time. For more finely grained styling, Rich renders a special markup which is similar in syntax to ". Here's an example:You can use a Console object to generate sophisticated output with minimal effort. See the  docs for details.Rich has an " function which can produce a report on any Python object, such as class, instance, or builtin."See the  for details.Rich contains a number of builtin  you can use to create elegant output in your CLI and help you debug your code.Click the following headings for details:All Rich renderables make use of the ", which you can also use to implement your own Rich content."Available as part of the Tidelift Subscription."The maintainers of Rich and thousands of other packages are working with Tidelift to deliver commercial support and maintenance for the open source packages you use to build your applications. Save time, reduce risk, and improve code health, while paying the maintainers of the exact packages you use. "Here are a few projects using Rich:description """""""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• "Rich is a Python library for  text and beautiful formatting in the terminal.The " makes it easy to add color and style to terminal output. Rich can also render pretty tables, progress bars, markdown, syntax highlighted source code, tracebacks, and more — out of the box."For a video introduction to Rich see  by .See what ."Rich works with Linux, OSX, and Windows. True color / emoji works with new Windows Terminal, classic terminal is limited to 16 colors. Rich requires Python 3.6.1 or later."Rich works with  with no additional configuration required.Install with  or your favorite PyPI package manager.Run the following to test Rich output on your terminal:"To effortlessly add rich output to your application, you can import the "" method, which has the same signature as the builtin Python function. Try this:""Rich can be installed in the Python REPL, so that any data structures will be pretty printed and highlighted.""For more control over rich terminal content, import and construct a " object.The Console object has a  method which has an intentionally similar interface to the builtin  function. Here's an example of use:"As you might expect, this will print " to the terminal. Note that unlike the builtin " function, Rich will word-wrap your text to fit within the terminal width."There are a few ways of adding color and style to your output. You can set a style for the entire output by adding a  keyword argument. Here's an example:The output will be something like the following:"That's fine for styling a line of text at a time. For more finely grained styling, Rich renders a special markup which is similar in syntax to ". Here's an example:You can use a Console object to generate sophisticated output with minimal effort. See the  docs for details.Rich has an " function which can produce a report on any Python object, such as class, instance, or builtin."See the  for details.Rich contains a number of builtin  you can use to create elegant output in your CLI and help you debug your code.Click the following headings for details:All Rich renderables make use of the ", which you can also use to implement your own Rich content."Available as part of the Tidelift Subscription."The maintainers of Rich and thousands of other packages are working with Tidelift to deliver commercial support and maintenance for the open source packages you use to build your applications. Save time, reduce risk, and improve code health, while paying the maintainers of the exact packages you use. "Here are a few projects using Rich:description """""""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• ""• "Rich is a Python library for  text and beautiful formatting in the terminal.The " makes it easy to add color and style to terminal output. Rich can also render pretty tables, progress bars, markdown, syntax highlighted source code, tracebacks, and more — out of the box."For a video introduction to Rich see  by .See what ."Rich works with Linux, OSX, and Windows. True color / emoji works with new Windows Terminal, classic terminal is limited to 16 colors. Rich requires Python 3.6.1 or later."Rich works with  with no additional configuration required.Install with  or your favorite PyPI package manager.Run the following to test Rich output on your terminal:"To effortlessly add rich output to your application, you can import the "" method, which has the same signature as the builtin Python function. Try this:""Rich can be installed in the Python REPL, so that any data structures will be pretty printed and highlighted.""For more control over rich terminal content, import and construct a " object.The Console object has a  method which has an intentionally similar interface to the builtin  function. Here's an example of use:"As you might expect, this will print " to the terminal. Note that unlike the builtin " function, Rich will word-wrap your text to fit within the terminal width."There are a few ways of adding color and style to your output. You can set a style for the entire output by adding a  keyword argument. Here's an example:The output will be something like the following:"That's fine for styling a line of text at a time. For more finely grained styling, Rich renders a special markup which is similar in syntax to ". Here's an example:You can use a Console object to generate sophisticated output with minimal effort. See the  docs for details.Rich has an " function which can produce a report on any Python object, such as class, instance, or builtin."See the  for details.Rich contains a number of builtin  you can use to create elegant output in your CLI and help you debug your code.Click the following headings for details:All Rich renderables make use of the ", which you can also use to implement your own Rich content."Available as part of the Tidelift Subscription."The maintainers of Rich and thousands of other packages are working with Tidelift to deliver commercial support and maintenance for the open source packages you use to build your applications. Save time, reduce risk, and improve code health, while paying the maintainers of the exact packages you use. "Here are a few projects using Rich: