description"Six is a Python 2 and 3 compatibility library.  It provides utility functionsfor smoothing over the differences between the Python versions with the goal ofwriting Python code that is compatible on both Python versions.  See thedocumentation for more information on what is provided.""Six supports Python 2.7 and 3.3+.  It is contained in only one Pythonfile, so it can be easily copied into your project. (The copyright and licensenotice must be retained.)"Online documentation is at .Bugs can be reported to ".  The code can alsobe found there."description"Six is a Python 2 and 3 compatibility library.  It provides utility functionsfor smoothing over the differences between the Python versions with the goal ofwriting Python code that is compatible on both Python versions.  See thedocumentation for more information on what is provided.""Six supports Python 2.7 and 3.3+.  It is contained in only one Pythonfile, so it can be easily copied into your project. (The copyright and licensenotice must be retained.)"Online documentation is at .Bugs can be reported to ".  The code can alsobe found there."description"Six is a Python 2 and 3 compatibility library.  It provides utility functionsfor smoothing over the differences between the Python versions with the goal ofwriting Python code that is compatible on both Python versions.  See thedocumentation for more information on what is provided.""Six supports Python 2.7 and 3.3+.  It is contained in only one Pythonfile, so it can be easily copied into your project. (The copyright and licensenotice must be retained.)"Online documentation is at .Bugs can be reported to ".  The code can alsobe found there."description"Six is a Python 2 and 3 compatibility library.  It provides utility functionsfor smoothing over the differences between the Python versions with the goal ofwriting Python code that is compatible on both Python versions.  See thedocumentation for more information on what is provided.""Six supports Python 2.7 and 3.3+.  It is contained in only one Pythonfile, so it can be easily copied into your project. (The copyright and licensenotice must be retained.)"Online documentation is at .Bugs can be reported to ".  The code can alsobe found there."