description"The Trio project’s goal is to produce a production-quality, "",async/await-native I/O library for Python. Like all async libraries,its main purpose is to help you write programs that do " with ". A web spider thatwants to fetch lots of pages in parallel, a web server that needs tojuggle lots of downloads and websocket connections at the same time, aprocess supervisor monitoring multiple subprocesses… that sort ofthing. Compared to other libraries, Trio attempts to distinguishitself with an obsessive focus on "" and". Concurrency is complicated; we try to make it "to get things ".Trio was built from the ground up to take advantage of the ", anddraws inspiration from "", inparticular Dave Beazley’s "".The resulting design is radically simpler than older competitors like"" and"", yet just as capable. Trio isthe Python I/O library I always wanted; I find it makes buildingI/O-oriented programs easier, less error-prone, and just plain morefun. "."This project is young and still somewhat experimental: the overalldesign is solid and the existing features are fully tested anddocumented, but you may encounter missing functionality or roughedges. We "" encourage you do use it, but you should "" to get warning and achance to give feedback about any compatibility-breaking changes."Vital statistics:description"The Trio project’s goal is to produce a production-quality, "",async/await-native I/O library for Python. Like all async libraries,its main purpose is to help you write programs that do " with ". A web spider thatwants to fetch lots of pages in parallel, a web server that needs tojuggle lots of downloads and websocket connections at the same time, aprocess supervisor monitoring multiple subprocesses… that sort ofthing. Compared to other libraries, Trio attempts to distinguishitself with an obsessive focus on "" and". Concurrency is complicated; we try to make it "to get things ".Trio was built from the ground up to take advantage of the ", anddraws inspiration from "", inparticular Dave Beazley’s "".The resulting design is radically simpler than older competitors like"" and"", yet just as capable. Trio isthe Python I/O library I always wanted; I find it makes buildingI/O-oriented programs easier, less error-prone, and just plain morefun. "."This project is young and still somewhat experimental: the overalldesign is solid and the existing features are fully tested anddocumented, but you may encounter missing functionality or roughedges. We "" encourage you do use it, but you should "" to get warning and achance to give feedback about any compatibility-breaking changes."Vital statistics:description"The Trio project’s goal is to produce a production-quality, "",async/await-native I/O library for Python. Like all async libraries,its main purpose is to help you write programs that do " with ". A web spider thatwants to fetch lots of pages in parallel, a web server that needs tojuggle lots of downloads and websocket connections at the same time, aprocess supervisor monitoring multiple subprocesses… that sort ofthing. Compared to other libraries, Trio attempts to distinguishitself with an obsessive focus on "" and". Concurrency is complicated; we try to make it "to get things ".Trio was built from the ground up to take advantage of the ", anddraws inspiration from "", inparticular Dave Beazley’s "".The resulting design is radically simpler than older competitors like"" and"", yet just as capable. Trio isthe Python I/O library I always wanted; I find it makes buildingI/O-oriented programs easier, less error-prone, and just plain morefun. "."This project is young and still somewhat experimental: the overalldesign is solid and the existing features are fully tested anddocumented, but you may encounter missing functionality or roughedges. We "" encourage you do use it, but you should "" to get warning and achance to give feedback about any compatibility-breaking changes."Vital statistics:description"The Trio project’s goal is to produce a production-quality, "",async/await-native I/O library for Python. Like all async libraries,its main purpose is to help you write programs that do " with ". A web spider thatwants to fetch lots of pages in parallel, a web server that needs tojuggle lots of downloads and websocket connections at the same time, aprocess supervisor monitoring multiple subprocesses… that sort ofthing. Compared to other libraries, Trio attempts to distinguishitself with an obsessive focus on "" and". Concurrency is complicated; we try to make it "to get things ".Trio was built from the ground up to take advantage of the ", anddraws inspiration from "", inparticular Dave Beazley’s "".The resulting design is radically simpler than older competitors like"" and"", yet just as capable. Trio isthe Python I/O library I always wanted; I find it makes buildingI/O-oriented programs easier, less error-prone, and just plain morefun. "."This project is young and still somewhat experimental: the overalldesign is solid and the existing features are fully tested anddocumented, but you may encounter missing functionality or roughedges. We "" encourage you do use it, but you should "" to get warning and achance to give feedback about any compatibility-breaking changes."Vital statistics: