descriptionThis is a Python implementation of the ."In order to be compatible with legacy web contentwhen interpreting something like "",tools need to use a particular set of aliases for encoding labelsas well as some overriding rules.For example, " and " on the web are actuallyaliases for "", and an UTF-8 or UTF-16 BOM takes precedenceover any other encoding declaration.The Encoding standard defines all such details so that implementations donot have to reverse-engineer each other.""This module has encoding labels and BOM detection,but the actual implementation for encoders and decoders is Python’s."descriptionThis is a Python implementation of the ."In order to be compatible with legacy web contentwhen interpreting something like "",tools need to use a particular set of aliases for encoding labelsas well as some overriding rules.For example, " and " on the web are actuallyaliases for "", and an UTF-8 or UTF-16 BOM takes precedenceover any other encoding declaration.The Encoding standard defines all such details so that implementations donot have to reverse-engineer each other.""This module has encoding labels and BOM detection,but the actual implementation for encoders and decoders is Python’s."descriptionThis is a Python implementation of the ."In order to be compatible with legacy web contentwhen interpreting something like "",tools need to use a particular set of aliases for encoding labelsas well as some overriding rules.For example, " and " on the web are actuallyaliases for "", and an UTF-8 or UTF-16 BOM takes precedenceover any other encoding declaration.The Encoding standard defines all such details so that implementations donot have to reverse-engineer each other.""This module has encoding labels and BOM detection,but the actual implementation for encoders and decoders is Python’s."descriptionThis is a Python implementation of the ."In order to be compatible with legacy web contentwhen interpreting something like "",tools need to use a particular set of aliases for encoding labelsas well as some overriding rules.For example, " and " on the web are actuallyaliases for "", and an UTF-8 or UTF-16 BOM takes precedenceover any other encoding declaration.The Encoding standard defines all such details so that implementations donot have to reverse-engineer each other.""This module has encoding labels and BOM detection,but the actual implementation for encoders and decoders is Python’s."