description The aim of the " module is to provide a transparent object proxyfor Python, which can be used as the basis for the construction of functionwrappers and decorator functions."The " module focuses very much on correctness. It therefore goesway beyond existing mechanisms such as "" to ensure thatdecorators preserve introspectability, signatures, type checking abilitiesetc. The decorators that can be constructed using this module will work infar more scenarios than typical decorators and provide more predictable andconsistent behaviour.""To ensure that the overhead is as minimal as possible, a C extension moduleis used for performance critical components. An automatic fallback to apure Python implementation is also provided where a target system does nothave a compiler to allow the C extension to be compiled."description The aim of the " module is to provide a transparent object proxyfor Python, which can be used as the basis for the construction of functionwrappers and decorator functions."The " module focuses very much on correctness. It therefore goesway beyond existing mechanisms such as "" to ensure thatdecorators preserve introspectability, signatures, type checking abilitiesetc. The decorators that can be constructed using this module will work infar more scenarios than typical decorators and provide more predictable andconsistent behaviour.""To ensure that the overhead is as minimal as possible, a C extension moduleis used for performance critical components. An automatic fallback to apure Python implementation is also provided where a target system does nothave a compiler to allow the C extension to be compiled."description The aim of the " module is to provide a transparent object proxyfor Python, which can be used as the basis for the construction of functionwrappers and decorator functions."The " module focuses very much on correctness. It therefore goesway beyond existing mechanisms such as "" to ensure thatdecorators preserve introspectability, signatures, type checking abilitiesetc. The decorators that can be constructed using this module will work infar more scenarios than typical decorators and provide more predictable andconsistent behaviour.""To ensure that the overhead is as minimal as possible, a C extension moduleis used for performance critical components. An automatic fallback to apure Python implementation is also provided where a target system does nothave a compiler to allow the C extension to be compiled."description The aim of the " module is to provide a transparent object proxyfor Python, which can be used as the basis for the construction of functionwrappers and decorator functions."The " module focuses very much on correctness. It therefore goesway beyond existing mechanisms such as "" to ensure thatdecorators preserve introspectability, signatures, type checking abilitiesetc. The decorators that can be constructed using this module will work infar more scenarios than typical decorators and provide more predictable andconsistent behaviour.""To ensure that the overhead is as minimal as possible, a C extension moduleis used for performance critical components. An automatic fallback to apure Python implementation is also provided where a target system does nothave a compiler to allow the C extension to be compiled."